# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 30 Jun 2021
### 1.An Image is Worth More Than a Thousand Words: Towards Disentanglement in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15610.pdf)
>  Unsupervised disentanglement has been shown to be theoretically impossible without inductive biases on the models and the data. As an alternative approach, recent methods rely on limited supervision to disentangle the factors of variation and allow their identifiability. While annotating the true generative factors is only required for a limited number of observations, we argue that it is infeasible to enumerate all the factors of variation that describe a real-world image distribution. To this end, we propose a method for disentangling a set of factors which are only partially labeled, as well as separating the complementary set of residual factors that are never explicitly specified. Our success in this challenging setting, demonstrated on synthetic benchmarks, gives rise to leveraging off-the-shelf image descriptors to partially annotate a subset of attributes in real image domains (e.g. of human faces) with minimal manual effort. Specifically, we use a recent language-image embedding model (CLIP) to annotate a set of attributes of interest in a zero-shot manner and demonstrate state-of-the-art disentangled image manipulation results.      
### 2.Segmentation with Multiple Acceptable Annotations: A Case Study of Myocardial Segmentation in Contrast Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15597.pdf)
>  Most existing deep learning-based frameworks for image segmentation assume that a unique ground truth is known and can be used for performance evaluation. This is true for many applications, but not all. Myocardial segmentation of Myocardial Contrast Echocardiography (MCE), a critical task in automatic myocardial perfusion analysis, is an example. Due to the low resolution and serious artifacts in MCE data, annotations from different cardiologists can vary significantly, and it is hard to tell which one is the best. In this case, how can we find a good way to evaluate segmentation performance and how do we train the neural network? In this paper, we address the first problem by proposing a new extended Dice to effectively evaluate the segmentation performance when multiple accepted ground truth is available. Then based on our proposed metric, we solve the second problem by further incorporating the new metric into a loss function that enables neural networks to flexibly learn general features of myocardium. Experiment results on our clinical MCE data set demonstrate that the neural network trained with the proposed loss function outperforms those existing ones that try to obtain a unique ground truth from multiple annotations, both quantitatively and qualitatively. Finally, our grading study shows that using extended Dice as an evaluation metric can better identify segmentation results that need manual correction compared with using Dice.      
### 3.Unified Questioner Transformer for Descriptive Question Generation in Goal-Oriented Visual Dialogue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15550.pdf)
>  Building an interactive artificial intelligence that can ask questions about the real world is one of the biggest challenges for vision and language problems. In particular, goal-oriented visual dialogue, where the aim of the agent is to seek information by asking questions during a turn-taking dialogue, has been gaining scholarly attention recently. While several existing models based on the GuessWhat?! dataset have been proposed, the Questioner typically asks simple category-based questions or absolute spatial questions. This might be problematic for complex scenes where the objects share attributes or in cases where descriptive questions are required to distinguish objects. In this paper, we propose a novel Questioner architecture, called Unified Questioner Transformer (UniQer), for descriptive question generation with referring expressions. In addition, we build a goal-oriented visual dialogue task called CLEVR Ask. It synthesizes complex scenes that require the Questioner to generate descriptive questions. We train our model with two variants of CLEVR Ask datasets. The results of the quantitative and qualitative evaluations show that UniQer outperforms the baseline.      
### 4.Uncertainty-Guided Progressive GANs for Medical Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15542.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation plays a vital role in tackling various medical imaging tasks such as attenuation correction, motion correction, undersampled reconstruction, and denoising. Generative adversarial networks have been shown to achieve the state-of-the-art in generating high fidelity images for these tasks. However, the state-of-the-art GAN-based frameworks do not estimate the uncertainty in the predictions made by the network that is essential for making informed medical decisions and subsequent revision by medical experts and has recently been shown to improve the performance and interpretability of the model. In this work, we propose an uncertainty-guided progressive learning scheme for image-to-image translation. By incorporating aleatoric uncertainty as attention maps for GANs trained in a progressive manner, we generate images of increasing fidelity progressively. We demonstrate the efficacy of our model on three challenging medical image translation tasks, including PET to CT translation, undersampled MRI reconstruction, and MRI motion artefact correction. Our model generalizes well in three different tasks and improves performance over state of the art under full-supervision and weak-supervision with limited data. Code is released here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ExplainableML/UncerGuidedI2I" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.Fast and Accurate Road Crack Detection Based on Adaptive Cost-Sensitive Loss Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15510.pdf)
>  Numerous detection problems in computer vision, including road crack detection, suffer from exceedingly foreground-background imbalance. Fortunately, modification of loss function appears to solve this puzzle once and for all. In this paper, we propose a pixel-based adaptive weighted cross-entropy loss in conjunction with Jaccard distance to facilitate high-quality pixel-level road crack detection. Our work profoundly demonstrates the influence of loss functions on detection outcomes, and sheds light on the sophisticated consecutive improvements in the realm of crack detection. Specifically, to verify the effectiveness of the proposed loss, we conduct extensive experiments on four public databases, i.e., CrackForest, AigleRN, Crack360, and BJN260. Compared with the vanilla weighted cross-entropy, the proposed loss significantly speeds up the training process while retaining the test accuracy.      
### 6.Study of visual processing techniques for dynamic speckles: a comparative analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15507.pdf)
>  Main visual techniques used to obtain information from speckle patterns are Fujii method, generalized difference, weighted generalized difference, mean windowed difference, structural function (SF), modified SF, etc. In this work, a comparative analysis of major visual techniques for natural gum sample is carried out. Obtained results conclusively establish SF based method as an optimum tool for visual inspection of dynamic speckle data.      
### 7.How Does Heterogeneous Label Noise Impact Generalization in Neural Nets?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15475.pdf)
>  Incorrectly labeled examples, or label noise, is common in real-world computer vision datasets. While the impact of label noise on learning in deep neural networks has been studied in prior work, these studies have exclusively focused on homogeneous label noise, i.e., the degree of label noise is the same across all categories. However, in the real-world, label noise is often heterogeneous, with some categories being affected to a greater extent than others. Here, we address this gap in the literature. We hypothesized that heterogeneous label noise would only affect the classes that had label noise unless there was transfer from those classes to the classes without label noise. To test this hypothesis, we designed a series of computer vision studies using MNIST, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and MS-COCO where we imposed heterogeneous label noise during the training of multi-class, multi-task, and multi-label systems. Our results provide evidence in support of our hypothesis: label noise only affects the class affected by it unless there is transfer.      
### 8.A Systematic Evaluation of Domain Adaptation in Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15453.pdf)
>  Facial Expression Recognition is a commercially important application, but one common limitation is that applications often require making predictions on out-of-sample distributions, where target images may have very different properties from the images that the model was trained on. How well, or badly, do these models do on unseen target domains? In this paper, we provide a systematic evaluation of domain adaptation in facial expression recognition. Using state-of-the-art transfer learning techniques and six commonly-used facial expression datasets (three collected in the lab and three "in-the-wild"), we conduct extensive round-robin experiments to examine the classification accuracies for a state-of-the-art CNN model. We also perform multi-source experiments where we examine a model's ability to transfer from multiple source datasets, including (i) within-setting (e.g., lab to lab), (ii) cross-setting (e.g., in-the-wild to lab), (iii) mixed-setting (e.g., lab and wild to lab) transfer learning experiments. We find sobering results that the accuracy of transfer learning is not high, and varies idiosyncratically with the target dataset, and to a lesser extent the source dataset. Generally, the best settings for transfer include fine-tuning the weights of a pre-trained model, and we find that training with more datasets, regardless of setting, improves transfer performance. We end with a discussion of the need for more -- and regular -- systematic investigations into the generalizability of FER models, especially for deployed applications.      
### 9.Detecting Cattle and Elk in the Wild from Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15448.pdf)
>  Localizing and counting large ungulates -- hoofed mammals like cows and elk -- in very high-resolution satellite imagery is an important task for supporting ecological studies. Prior work has shown that this is feasible with deep learning based methods and sub-meter multi-spectral satellite imagery. We extend this line of work by proposing a baseline method, CowNet, that simultaneously estimates the number of animals in an image (counts), as well as predicts their location at a pixel level (localizes). We also propose an methodology for evaluating such models on counting and localization tasks across large scenes that takes the uncertainty of noisy labels and the information needed by stakeholders in ecological monitoring tasks into account. Finally, we benchmark our baseline method with state of the art vision methods for counting objects in scenes. We specifically test the temporal generalization of the resulting models over a large landscape in Point Reyes Seashore, CA. We find that the LC-FCN model performs the best and achieves an average precision between 0.56 and 0.61 and an average recall between 0.78 and 0.92 over three held out test scenes.      
### 10.IMENet: Joint 3D Semantic Scene Completion and 2D Semantic Segmentation through Iterative Mutual Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15413.pdf)
>  3D semantic scene completion and 2D semantic segmentation are two tightly correlated tasks that are both essential for indoor scene understanding, because they predict the same semantic classes, using positively correlated high-level features. Current methods use 2D features extracted from early-fused RGB-D images for 2D segmentation to improve 3D scene completion. We argue that this sequential scheme does not ensure these two tasks fully benefit each other, and present an Iterative Mutual Enhancement Network (IMENet) to solve them jointly, which interactively refines the two tasks at the late prediction stage. Specifically, two refinement modules are developed under a unified framework for the two tasks. The first is a 2D Deformable Context Pyramid (DCP) module, which receives the projection from the current 3D predictions to refine the 2D predictions. In turn, a 3D Deformable Depth Attention (DDA) module is proposed to leverage the reprojected results from 2D predictions to update the coarse 3D predictions. This iterative fusion happens to the stable high-level features of both tasks at a late stage. Extensive experiments on NYU and NYUCAD datasets verify the effectiveness of the proposed iterative late fusion scheme, and our approach outperforms the state of the art on both 3D semantic scene completion and 2D semantic segmentation.      
### 11.Efficient Realistic Data Generation Framework leveraging Deep Learning-based Human Digitization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15409.pdf)
>  The performance of supervised deep learning algorithms depends significantly on the scale, quality and diversity of the data used for their training. Collecting and manually annotating large amount of data can be both time-consuming and costly tasks to perform. In the case of tasks related to visual human-centric perception, the collection and distribution of such data may also face restrictions due to legislation regarding privacy. In addition, the design and testing of complex systems, e.g., robots, which often employ deep learning-based perception models, may face severe difficulties as even state-of-the-art methods trained on real and large-scale datasets cannot always perform adequately as they have not adapted to the visual differences between the virtual and the real world data. As an attempt to tackle and mitigate the effect of these issues, we present a method that automatically generates realistic synthetic data with annotations for a) person detection, b) face recognition, and c) human pose estimation. The proposed method takes as input real background images and populates them with human figures in various poses. Instead of using hand-made 3D human models, we propose the use of models generated through deep learning methods, further reducing the dataset creation costs, while maintaining a high level of realism. In addition, we provide open-source and easy to use tools that implement the proposed pipeline, allowing for generating highly-realistic synthetic datasets for a variety of tasks. A benchmarking and evaluation in the corresponding tasks shows that synthetic data can be effectively used as a supplement to real data.      
### 12.A Behavior-aware Graph Convolution Network Model for Video Recommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15402.pdf)
>  Interactions between users and videos are the major data source of performing video recommendation. Despite lots of existing recommendation methods, user behaviors on videos, which imply the complex relations between users and videos, are still far from being fully explored. In the paper, we present a model named Sagittarius. Sagittarius adopts a graph convolutional neural network to capture the influence between users and videos. In particular, Sagittarius differentiates between different user behaviors by weighting and fuses the semantics of user behaviors into the embeddings of users and videos. Moreover, Sagittarius combines multiple optimization objectives to learn user and video embeddings and then achieves the video recommendation by the learned user and video embeddings. The experimental results on multiple datasets show that Sagittarius outperforms several state-of-the-art models in terms of recall, unique recall and NDCG.      
### 13.Multiple Graph Learning for Scalable Multi-view Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15382.pdf)
>  Graph-based multi-view clustering has become an active topic due to the efficiency in characterizing both the complex structure and relationship between multimedia data. However, existing methods have the following shortcomings: (1) They are inefficient or even fail for graph learning in large scale due to the graph construction and eigen-decomposition. (2) They cannot well exploit both the complementary information and spatial structure embedded in graphs of different views. To well exploit complementary information and tackle the scalability issue plaguing graph-based multi-view clustering, we propose an efficient multiple graph learning model via a small number of anchor points and tensor Schatten p-norm minimization. Specifically, we construct a hidden and tractable large graph by anchor graph for each view and well exploit complementary information embedded in anchor graphs of different views by tensor Schatten p-norm regularizer. Finally, we develop an efficient algorithm, which scales linearly with the data size, to solve our proposed model. Extensive experimental results on several datasets indicate that our proposed method outperforms some state-of-the-art multi-view clustering algorithms.      
### 14.Text Prior Guided Scene Text Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15368.pdf)
>  Scene text image super-resolution (STISR) aims to improve the resolution and visual quality of low-resolution (LR) scene text images, and consequently boost the performance of text recognition. However, most of existing STISR methods regard text images as natural scene images, ignoring the categorical information of text. In this paper, we make an inspiring attempt to embed categorical text prior into STISR model training. Specifically, we adopt the character probability sequence as the text prior, which can be obtained conveniently from a text recognition model. The text prior provides categorical guidance to recover high-resolution (HR) text images. On the other hand, the reconstructed HR image can refine the text prior in return. Finally, we present a multi-stage text prior guided super-resolution (TPGSR) framework for STISR. Our experiments on the benchmark TextZoom dataset show that TPGSR can not only effectively improve the visual quality of scene text images, but also significantly improve the text recognition accuracy over existing STISR methods. Our model trained on TextZoom also demonstrates certain generalization capability to the LR images in other datasets.      
### 15.TANet++: Triple Attention Network with Filtered Pointcloud on 3D Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15366.pdf)
>  TANet is one of state-of-the-art 3D object detection method on KITTI and JRDB benchmark, the network contains a Triple Attention module and Coarse-to-Fine Regression module to improve the robustness and accuracy of 3D Detection. However, since the original input data (point clouds) contains a lot of noise during collecting the data, which will further affect the training of the model. For example, the object is far from the robot, the sensor is difficult to obtain enough pointcloud. If the objects only contains few point clouds, and the samples are fed into model with the normal samples together during training, the detector will be difficult to distinguish the individual with few pointcloud belong to object or background. In this paper, we propose TANet++ to improve the performance on 3D Detection, which adopt a novel training strategy on training the TANet. In order to reduce the negative impact by the weak samples, the training strategy previously filtered the training data, and then the TANet++ is trained by the rest of data. The experimental results shows that AP score of TANet++ is 8.98\% higher than TANet on JRDB benchmark.      
### 16.Quantifying urban streetscapes with deep learning: focus on aesthetic evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15361.pdf)
>  The disorder of urban streetscapes would negatively affect people's perception of their aesthetic quality. The presence of billboards on building facades has been regarded as an important factor of the disorder, but its quantification methodology has not yet been developed in a scalable manner. To fill the gap, this paper reports the performance of our deep learning model on a unique data set prepared in Tokyo to recognize the areas covered by facades and billboards in streetscapes, respectively. The model achieved 63.17 % of accuracy, measured by Intersection-over-Union (IoU), thus enabling researchers and practitioners to obtain insights on urban streetscape design by combining data of people's preferences.      
### 17.Where is the disease? Semi-supervised pseudo-normality synthesis from an abnormal image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15345.pdf)
>  Pseudo-normality synthesis, which computationally generates a pseudo-normal image from an abnormal one (e.g., with lesions), is critical in many perspectives, from lesion detection, data augmentation to clinical surgery suggestion. However, it is challenging to generate high-quality pseudo-normal images in the absence of the lesion information. Thus, expensive lesion segmentation data have been introduced to provide lesion information for the generative models and improve the quality of the synthetic images. In this paper, we aim to alleviate the need of a large amount of lesion segmentation data when generating pseudo-normal images. We propose a Semi-supervised Medical Image generative LEarning network (SMILE) which not only utilizes limited medical images with segmentation masks, but also leverages massive medical images without segmentation masks to generate realistic pseudo-normal images. Extensive experiments show that our model outperforms the best state-of-the-art model by up to 6% for data augmentation task and 3% in generating high-quality images. Moreover, the proposed semi-supervised learning achieves comparable medical image synthesis quality with supervised learning model, using only 50 of segmentation data.      
### 18.Image Inpainting Using Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Imputation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15341.pdf)
>  Image inpainting is one of the important tasks in computer vision which focuses on the reconstruction of missing regions in an image. The aim of this paper is to introduce an image inpainting model based on Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Imputation Network. The generator network of the model uses building blocks of convolutional layers with different dilation rates, together with skip connections that help the model reproduce fine details of the output. This combination yields a universal imputation model that is able to handle various scenarios of missingness with sufficient quality. To show this experimentally, the model is simultaneously trained to deal with three scenarios given by missing pixels at random, missing various smaller square regions, and one missing square placed in the center of the image. It turns out that our model achieves high-quality inpainting results on all scenarios. Performance is evaluated using peak signal-to-noise ratio and structural similarity index on two real-world benchmark datasets, CelebA faces and Paris StreetView. The results of our model are compared to biharmonic imputation and to some of the other state-of-the-art image inpainting methods.      
### 19.Probabilistic Attention for Interactive Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15338.pdf)
>  We provide a probabilistic interpretation of attention and show that the standard dot-product attention in transformers is a special case of Maximum A Posteriori (MAP) inference. The proposed approach suggests the use of Expectation Maximization algorithms for online adaptation of key and value model parameters. This approach is useful for cases in which external agents, e.g., annotators, provide inference-time information about the correct values of some tokens, e.g, the semantic category of some pixels, and we need for this new information to propagate to other tokens in a principled manner. We illustrate the approach on an interactive semantic segmentation task in which annotators and models collaborate online to improve annotation efficiency. Using standard benchmarks, we observe that key adaptation boosts model performance ($\sim10\%$ mIoU) in the low feedback regime and value propagation improves model responsiveness in the high feedback regime. A PyTorch layer implementation of our probabilistic attention model will be made publicly available.      
### 20.Winner Team Mia at TextVQA Challenge 2021: Vision-and-Language Representation Learning with Pre-trained Sequence-to-Sequence Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15332.pdf)
>  TextVQA requires models to read and reason about text in images to answer questions about them. Specifically, models need to incorporate a new modality of text present in the images and reason over it to answer TextVQA questions. In this challenge, we use generative model T5 for TextVQA task. Based on pre-trained checkpoint T5-3B from HuggingFace repository, two other pre-training tasks including masked language modeling(MLM) and relative position prediction(RPP) are designed to better align object feature and scene text. In the stage of pre-training, encoder is dedicate to handle the fusion among multiple modalities: question text, object text labels, scene text labels, object visual features, scene visual features. After that decoder generates the text sequence step-by-step, cross entropy loss is required by default. We use a large-scale scene text dataset in pre-training and then fine-tune the T5-3B with the TextVQA dataset only.      
### 21.Improved Padding in CNNs for Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15331.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning methods have been proposed for quantitative susceptibility mapping (QSM) data processing: background field removal, field-to-source inversion, and single-step QSM reconstruction. However, the conventional padding mechanism used in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can introduce spatial artifacts, especially in QSM background field removal and single-step QSM which requires inference from total fields with extreme large values at the edge boundaries of volume of interest. To address this issue, we propose an improved padding technique which utilizes the neighboring valid voxels to estimate the invalid voxels of feature maps at volume boundaries in the neural networks. Studies using simulated and in-vivo data show that the proposed padding greatly improves estimation accuracy and reduces artifacts in the results in the tasks of background field removal, field-to-source inversion, and single-step QSM reconstruction.      
### 22.Cloud based Scalable Object Recognition from Video Streams using Orientation Fusion and Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15329.pdf)
>  Object recognition from live video streams comes with numerous challenges such as the variation in illumination conditions and poses. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely used to perform intelligent visual object recognition. Yet, CNNs still suffer from severe accuracy degradation, particularly on illumination-variant datasets. To address this problem, we propose a new CNN method based on orientation fusion for visual object recognition. The proposed cloud-based video analytics system pioneers the use of bi-dimensional empirical mode decomposition to split a video frame into intrinsic mode functions (IMFs). We further propose these IMFs to endure Reisz transform to produce monogenic object components, which are in turn used for the training of CNNs. Past works have demonstrated how the object orientation component may be used to pursue accuracy levels as high as 93\%. Herein we demonstrate how a feature-fusion strategy of the orientation components leads to further improving visual recognition accuracy to 97\%. We also assess the scalability of our method, looking at both the number and the size of the video streams under scrutiny. We carry out extensive experimentation on the publicly available Yale dataset, including also a self generated video datasets, finding significant improvements (both in accuracy and scale), in comparison to AlexNet, LeNet and SE-ResNeXt, which are the three most commonly used deep learning models for visual object recognition and classification.      
### 23.Deep Learning for Multi-View Stereo via Plane Sweep: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15328.pdf)
>  3D reconstruction has lately attracted increasing attention due to its wide application in many areas, such as autonomous driving, robotics and virtual reality. As a dominant technique in artificial intelligence, deep learning has been successfully adopted to solve various computer vision problems. However, deep learning for 3D reconstruction is still at its infancy due to its unique challenges and varying pipelines. To stimulate future research, this paper presents a review of recent progress in deep learning methods for Multi-view Stereo (MVS), which is considered as a crucial task of image-based 3D reconstruction. It also presents comparative results on several publicly available datasets, with insightful observations and inspiring future research directions.      
### 24.Patch-Based Image Restoration using Expectation Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15327.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new Expectation Propagation (EP) framework for image restoration using patch-based prior distributions. While Monte Carlo techniques are classically used to sample from intractable posterior distributions, they can suffer from scalability issues in high-dimensional inference problems such as image restoration. To address this issue, EP is used here to approximate the posterior distributions using products of multivariate Gaussian densities. Moreover, imposing structural constraints on the covariance matrices of these densities allows for greater scalability and distributed computation. While the method is naturally suited to handle additive Gaussian observation noise, it can also be extended to non-Gaussian noise. Experiments conducted for denoising, inpainting and deconvolution problems with Gaussian and Poisson noise illustrate the potential benefits of such flexible approximate Bayesian method for uncertainty quantification in imaging problems, at a reduced computational cost compared to sampling techniques.      
### 25.Source-free Domain Adaptation via Avatar Prototype Generation and Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15326.pdf)
>  We study a practical domain adaptation task, called source-free unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) problem, in which we cannot access source domain data due to data privacy issues but only a pre-trained source model and unlabeled target data are available. This task, however, is very difficult due to one key challenge: the lack of source data and target domain labels makes model adaptation very challenging. To address this, we propose to mine the hidden knowledge in the source model and exploit it to generate source avatar prototypes (i.e., representative features for each source class) as well as target pseudo labels for domain alignment. To this end, we propose a Contrastive Prototype Generation and Adaptation (CPGA) method. Specifically, CPGA consists of two stages: (1) prototype generation: by exploring the classification boundary information of the source model, we train a prototype generator to generate avatar prototypes via contrastive learning. (2) prototype adaptation: based on the generated source prototypes and target pseudo labels, we develop a new robust contrastive prototype adaptation strategy to align each pseudo-labeled target data to the corresponding source prototypes. Extensive experiments on three UDA benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method.      
### 26.SE-MD: A Single-encoder multiple-decoder deep network for point cloud generation from 2D images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15325.pdf)
>  3D model generation from single 2D RGB images is a challenging and actively researched computer vision task. Various techniques using conventional network architectures have been proposed for the same. However, the body of research work is limited and there are various issues like using inefficient 3D representation formats, weak 3D model generation backbones, inability to generate dense point clouds, dependence of post-processing for generation of dense point clouds, and dependence on silhouettes in RGB images. In this paper, a novel 2D RGB image to point cloud conversion technique is proposed, which improves the state of art in the field due to its efficient, robust and simple model by using the concept of parallelization in network architecture. It not only uses the efficient and rich 3D representation of point clouds, but also uses a novel and robust point cloud generation backbone in order to address the prevalent issues. This involves using a single-encoder multiple-decoder deep network architecture wherein each decoder generates certain fixed viewpoints. This is followed by fusing all the viewpoints to generate a dense point cloud. Various experiments are conducted on the technique and its performance is compared with those of other state of the art techniques and impressive gains in performance are demonstrated. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mueedhafiz1982/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 27.Effective Evaluation of Deep Active Learning on Image Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15324.pdf)
>  With the goal of making deep learning more label-efficient, a growing number of papers have been studying active learning (AL) for deep models. However, there are a number of issues in the prevalent experimental settings, mainly stemming from a lack of unified implementation and benchmarking. Issues in the current literature include sometimes contradictory observations on the performance of different AL algorithms, unintended exclusion of important generalization approaches such as data augmentation and SGD for optimization, a lack of study of evaluation facets like the labeling efficiency of AL, and little or no clarity on the scenarios in which AL outperforms random sampling (RS). In this work, we present a unified re-implementation of state-of-the-art AL algorithms in the context of image classification, and we carefully study these issues as facets of effective evaluation. On the positive side, we show that AL techniques are 2x to 4x more label-efficient compared to RS with the use of data augmentation. Surprisingly, when data augmentation is included, there is no longer a consistent gain in using BADGE, a state-of-the-art approach, over simple uncertainty sampling. We then do a careful analysis of how existing approaches perform with varying amounts of redundancy and number of examples per class. Finally, we provide several insights for AL practitioners to consider in future work, such as the effect of the AL batch size, the effect of initialization, the importance of retraining a new model at every round, and other insights.      
### 28.Face Identification Proficiency Test Designed Using Item Response Theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15323.pdf)
>  Measures of face identification proficiency are essential to ensure accurate and consistent performance by professional forensic face examiners and others who perform face identification tasks in applied scenarios. Current proficiency tests rely on static sets of stimulus items, and so, cannot be administered validly to the same individual multiple times. To create a proficiency test, a large number of items of "known" difficulty must be assembled. Multiple tests of equal difficulty can be constructed then using subsets of items. Here, we introduce a proficiency test, the Triad Identity Matching (TIM) test, based on stimulus difficulty measures based on Item Response Theory (IRT). Participants view face-image "triads" (N=225) (two images of one identity and one image of a different identity) and select the different identity. In Experiment 1, university students (N=197) showed wide-ranging accuracy on the TIM test. Furthermore, IRT modeling demonstrated that the TIM test produces items of various difficulty levels. In Experiment 2, IRT-based item difficulty measures were used to partition the TIM test into three equally "easy" and three equally "difficult" subsets. Simulation results indicated that the full set, as well as curated subsets, of the TIM items yielded reliable estimates of subject ability. In summary, the TIM test can provide a starting point for developing a framework that is flexible, calibrated, and adaptive to measure proficiency across various ability levels (e.g., professionals or populations with face processing deficits)      
### 29.TNCR: Table Net Detection and Classification Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15322.pdf)
>  We present TNCR, a new table dataset with varying image quality collected from free websites. The TNCR dataset can be used for table detection in scanned document images and their classification into 5 different classes. TNCR contains 9428 high-quality labeled images. In this paper, we have implemented state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods for table detection to create several strong baselines. Cascade Mask R-CNN with ResNeXt-101-64x4d Backbone Network achieves the highest performance compared to other methods with a precision of 79.7%, recall of 89.8%, and f1 score of 84.4% on the TNCR dataset. We have made TNCR open source in the hope of encouraging more deep learning approaches to table detection, classification, and structure recognition. The dataset and trained model checkpoints are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/abdoelsayed2016/TNCR_Dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Soft Attention: Does it Actually Help to Learn Social Interactions in Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15321.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of predicting the future path of a pedestrian using its motion history and the motion history of the surrounding pedestrians, called social information. Since the seminal paper on Social-LSTM, deep-learning has become the main tool used to model the impact of social interactions on a pedestrian's motion. The demonstration that these models can learn social interactions relies on an ablative study of these models. The models are compared with and without their social interactions module on two standard metrics, the Average Displacement Error and Final Displacement Error. Yet, these complex models were recently outperformed by a simple constant-velocity approach. This questions if they actually allow to model social interactions as well as the validity of the proof. In this paper, we focus on the deep-learning models with a soft-attention mechanism for social interaction modeling and study whether they use social information at prediction time. We conduct two experiments across four state-of-the-art approaches on the ETH and UCY datasets, which were also used in previous work. First, the models are trained by replacing the social information with random noise and compared to model trained with actual social information. Second, we use a gating mechanism along with a $L_0$ penalty, allowing models to shut down their inner components. The models consistently learn to prune their soft-attention mechanism. For both experiments, neither the course of the convergence nor the prediction performance were altered. This demonstrates that the soft-attention mechanism and therefore the social information are ignored by the models.      
### 31.ScanBank: A Benchmark Dataset for Figure Extraction from Scanned Electronic Theses and Dissertations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15320.pdf)
>  We focus on electronic theses and dissertations (ETDs), aiming to improve access and expand their utility, since more than 6 million are publicly available, and they constitute an important corpus to aid research and education across disciplines. The corpus is growing as new born-digital documents are included, and since millions of older theses and dissertations have been converted to digital form to be disseminated electronically in institutional repositories. In ETDs, as with other scholarly works, figures and tables can communicate a large amount of information in a concise way. Although methods have been proposed for extracting figures and tables from born-digital PDFs, they do not work well with scanned ETDs. Considering this problem, our assessment of state-of-the-art figure extraction systems is that the reason they do not function well on scanned PDFs is that they have only been trained on born-digital documents. To address this limitation, we present ScanBank, a new dataset containing 10 thousand scanned page images, manually labeled by humans as to the presence of the 3.3 thousand figures or tables found therein. We use this dataset to train a deep neural network model based on YOLOv5 to accurately extract figures and tables from scanned ETDs. We pose and answer important research questions aimed at finding better methods for figure extraction from scanned documents. One of those concerns the value for training, of data augmentation techniques applied to born-digital documents which are used to train models better suited for figure extraction from scanned documents. To the best of our knowledge, ScanBank is the first manually annotated dataset for figure and table extraction for scanned ETDs. A YOLOv5-based model, trained on ScanBank, outperforms existing comparable open-source and freely available baseline methods by a considerable margin.      
### 32.Serial-EMD: Fast Empirical Mode Decomposition Method for Multi-dimensional Signals Based on Serialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15319.pdf)
>  Empirical mode decomposition (EMD) has developed into a prominent tool for adaptive, scale-based signal analysis in various fields like robotics, security and biomedical engineering. Since the dramatic increase in amount of data puts forward higher requirements for the capability of real-time signal analysis, it is difficult for existing EMD and its variants to trade off the growth of data dimension and the speed of signal analysis. In order to decompose multi-dimensional signals at a faster speed, we present a novel signal-serialization method (serial-EMD), which concatenates multi-variate or multi-dimensional signals into a one-dimensional signal and uses various one-dimensional EMD algorithms to decompose it. To verify the effects of the proposed method, synthetic multi-variate time series, artificial 2D images with various textures and real-world facial images are tested. Compared with existing multi-EMD algorithms, the decomposition time becomes significantly reduced. In addition, the results of facial recognition with Intrinsic Mode Functions (IMFs) extracted using our method can achieve a higher accuracy than those obtained by existing multi-EMD algorithms, which demonstrates the superior performance of our method in terms of the quality of IMFs. Furthermore, this method can provide a new perspective to optimize the existing EMD algorithms, that is, transforming the structure of the input signal rather than being constrained by developing envelope computation techniques or signal decomposition methods. In summary, the study suggests that the serial-EMD technique is a highly competitive and fast alternative for multi-dimensional signal analysis.      
### 33.Analysing Affective Behavior in the second ABAW2 Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15318.pdf)
>  The Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW2) 2021 Competition is the second -- following the first very successful ABAW Competition held in conjunction with IEEE FG 2020- Competition that aims at automatically analyzing affect. ABAW2 is split into three Challenges, each one addressing one of the three main behavior tasks of valence-arousal estimation, basic expression classification and action unit detection. All three Challenges are based on a common benchmark database, Aff-Wild2, which is a large scale in-the-wild database and the first one to be annotated for all these three tasks. In this paper, we describe this Competition, to be held in conjunction with ICCV 2021. We present the three Challenges, with the utilized Competition corpora. We outline the evaluation metrics and present the baseline system with its results. More information regarding the Competition is provided in the Competition site: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ibug.doc.ic.ac.uk/resources/iccv-2021-2nd-abaw" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Boggart: Accelerating Retrospective Video Analytics via Model-Agnostic Ingest Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15315.pdf)
>  Delivering fast responses to retrospective queries on video datasets is difficult due to the large number of frames to consider and the high costs of running convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on each one. A natural solution is to perform a subset of the necessary computations ahead of time, as video is ingested. However, existing ingest-time systems require knowledge of the specific CNN that will be used in future queries -- a challenging requisite given the evergrowing space of CNN architectures and training datasets/methodologies. <br>This paper presents Boggart, a retrospective video analytics system that delivers ingest-time speedups in a model-agnostic manner. Our underlying insight is that traditional computer vision (CV) algorithms are capable of performing computations that can be used to accelerate diverse queries with wide-ranging CNNs. Building on this, at ingest-time, Boggart carefully employs a variety of motion tracking algorithms to identify potential objects and their trajectories across frames. Then, at query-time, Boggart uses several novel techniques to collect the smallest sample of CNN results required to meet the target accuracy: (1) a clustering strategy to efficiently unearth the inevitable discrepancies between CV- and CNN-generated outputs, and (2) a set of accuracy-preserving propagation techniques to safely extend sampled results along each trajectory. Across many videos, CNNs, and queries Boggart consistently meets accuracy targets while using CNNs sparingly (on 3-54% of frames).      
### 35.Contrastive Semantic Similarity Learning for Image Captioning Evaluation with Intrinsic Auto-encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15312.pdf)
>  Automatically evaluating the quality of image captions can be very challenging since human language is quite flexible that there can be various expressions for the same meaning. Most of the current captioning metrics rely on token level matching between candidate caption and the ground truth label sentences. It usually neglects the sentence-level information. Motivated by the auto-encoder mechanism and contrastive representation learning advances, we propose a learning-based metric for image captioning, which we call Intrinsic Image Captioning Evaluation($I^2CE$). We develop three progressive model structures to learn the sentence level representations--single branch model, dual branches model, and triple branches model. Our empirical tests show that $I^2CE$ trained with dual branches structure achieves better consistency with human judgments to contemporary image captioning evaluation metrics. Furthermore, We select several state-of-the-art image captioning models and test their performances on the MS COCO dataset concerning both contemporary metrics and the proposed $I^2CE$. Experiment results show that our proposed method can align well with the scores generated from other contemporary metrics. On this concern, the proposed metric could serve as a novel indicator of the intrinsic information between captions, which may be complementary to the existing ones.      
### 36.Multimodal Semantic Scene Graphs for Holistic Modeling of Surgical Procedures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15309.pdf)
>  From a computer science viewpoint, a surgical domain model needs to be a conceptual one incorporating both behavior and data. It should therefore model actors, devices, tools, their complex interactions and data flow. To capture and model these, we take advantage of the latest computer vision methodologies for generating 3D scene graphs from camera views. We then introduce the Multimodal Semantic Scene Graph (MSSG) which aims at providing a unified symbolic, spatiotemporal and semantic representation of surgical procedures. This methodology aims at modeling the relationship between different components in surgical domain including medical staff, imaging systems, and surgical devices, opening the path towards holistic understanding and modeling of surgical procedures. We then use MSSG to introduce a dynamically generated graphical user interface tool for surgical procedure analysis which could be used for many applications including process optimization, OR design and automatic report generation. We finally demonstrate that the proposed MSSGs could also be used for synchronizing different complex surgical procedures. While the system still needs to be integrated into real operating rooms before getting validated, this conference paper aims mainly at providing the community with the basic principles of this novel concept through a first prototypal partial realization based on MVOR dataset.      
### 37.Automatic 2D-3D Registration without Contrast Agent during Neurovascular Interventions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15308.pdf)
>  Fusing live fluoroscopy images with a 3D rotational reconstruction of the vasculature allows to navigate endovascular devices in minimally invasive neuro-vascular treatment, while reducing the usage of harmful iodine contrast medium. The alignment of the fluoroscopy images and the 3D reconstruction is initialized using the sensor information of the X-ray C-arm geometry. Patient motion is then corrected by an image-based registration algorithm, based on a gradient difference similarity measure using digital reconstructed radiographs of the 3D reconstruction. This algorithm does not require the vessels in the fluoroscopy image to be filled with iodine contrast agent, but rather relies on gradients in the image (bone structures, sinuses) as landmark features. This paper investigates the accuracy, robustness and computation time aspects of the image-based registration algorithm. Using phantom experiments 97% of the registration attempts passed the success criterion of a residual registration error of less than 1 mm translation and 3 rotation. The paper establishes a new method for validation of 2D-3D registration without requiring changes to the clinical workflow, such as attaching fiducial markers. As a consequence, this method can be retrospectively applied to pre-existing clinical data. For clinical data experiments, 87% of the registration attempts passed the criterion of a residual translational error of &lt; 1 mm, and 84% possessed a rotational error of &lt; 3.      
### 38.Artificial Intelligence in Minimally Invasive Interventional Treatment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15306.pdf)
>  Minimally invasive image guided treatment procedures often employ advanced image processing algorithms. The recent developments of artificial intelligence algorithms harbor potential to further enhance this domain. In this article we explore several application areas within the minimally invasive treatment space and discuss the deployment of artificial intelligence within these areas.      
### 39.Joint Learning of Portrait Intrinsic Decomposition and Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15305.pdf)
>  Inverse rendering is the problem of decomposing an image into its intrinsic components, i.e. albedo, normal and lighting. To solve this ill-posed problem from single image, state-of-the-art methods in shape from shading mostly resort to supervised training on all the components on either synthetic or real datasets. Here, we propose a new self-supervised training paradigm that 1) reduces the need for full supervision on the decomposition task and 2) takes into account the relighting task. We introduce new self-supervised loss terms that leverage the consistencies between multi-lit images (images of the same scene under different illuminations). Our approach is applicable to multi-lit datasets. We apply our training approach in two settings: 1) train on a mixture of synthetic and real data, 2) train on real datasets with limited supervision. We show-case the effectiveness of our training paradigm on both intrinsic decomposition and relighting and demonstrate how the model struggles in both tasks without the self-supervised loss terms in limited supervision settings. We provide results of comprehensive experiments on SfSNet, CelebA and Photoface datasets and verify the performance of our approach on images in the wild.      
### 40.Towards Fast and Accurate Multi-Person Pose Estimation on Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15304.pdf)
>  The rapid development of autonomous driving, abnormal behavior detection, and behavior recognition makes an increasing demand for multi-person pose estimation-based applications, especially on mobile platforms. However, to achieve high accuracy, state-of-the-art methods tend to have a large model size and complex post-processing algorithm, which costs intense computation and long end-to-end latency. To solve this problem, we propose an architecture optimization and weight pruning framework to accelerate inference of multi-person pose estimation on mobile devices. With our optimization framework, we achieve up to 2.51x faster model inference speed with higher accuracy compared to representative lightweight multi-person pose estimator.      
### 41.VolterraNet: A higher order convolutional network with group equivariance for homogeneous manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15301.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have been highly successful in image-based learning tasks due to their translation equivariance property. Recent work has generalized the traditional convolutional layer of a convolutional neural network to non-Euclidean spaces and shown group equivariance of the generalized convolution operation. In this paper, we present a novel higher order Volterra convolutional neural network (VolterraNet) for data defined as samples of functions on Riemannian homogeneous spaces. Analagous to the result for traditional convolutions, we prove that the Volterra functional convolutions are equivariant to the action of the isometry group admitted by the Riemannian homogeneous spaces, and under some restrictions, any non-linear equivariant function can be expressed as our homogeneous space Volterra convolution, generalizing the non-linear shift equivariant characterization of Volterra expansions in Euclidean space. We also prove that second order functional convolution operations can be represented as cascaded convolutions which leads to an efficient implementation. Beyond this, we also propose a dilated VolterraNet model. These advances lead to large parameter reductions relative to baseline non-Euclidean CNNs. To demonstrate the efficacy of the VolterraNet performance, we present several real data experiments involving classification tasks on spherical-MNIST, atomic energy, Shrec17 data sets, and group testing on diffusion MRI data. Performance comparisons to the state-of-the-art are also presented.      
### 42.Cells are Actors: Social Network Analysis with Classical ML for SOTA Histology Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15299.pdf)
>  Digitization of histology images and the advent of new computational methods, like deep learning, have helped the automatic grading of colorectal adenocarcinoma cancer (CRA). Present automated CRA grading methods, however, usually use tiny image patches and thus fail to integrate the entire tissue micro-architecture for grading purposes. To tackle these challenges, we propose to use a statistical network analysis method to describe the complex structure of the tissue micro-environment by modelling nuclei and their connections as a network. We show that by analyzing only the interactions between the cells in a network, we can extract highly discriminative statistical features for CRA grading. Unlike other deep learning or convolutional graph-based approaches, our method is highly scalable (can be used for cell networks consist of millions of nodes), completely explainable, and computationally inexpensive. We create cell networks on a broad CRC histology image dataset, experiment with our method, and report state-of-the-art performance for the prediction of three-class CRA grading.      
### 43.Roof Damage Assessment from Automated 3D Building Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15294.pdf)
>  The 3D building modelling is important in urban planning and related domains that draw upon the content of 3D models of urban scenes. Such 3D models can be used to visualize city images at multiple scales from individual buildings to entire cities prior to and after a change has occurred. This ability is of great importance in day-to-day work and special projects undertaken by planners, geo-designers, and architects. In this research, we implemented a novel approach to 3D building models for such matter, which included the integration of geographic information systems (GIS) and 3D Computer Graphics (3DCG) components that generate 3D house models from building footprints (polygons), and the automated generation of simple and complex roof geometries for rapid roof area damage reporting. These polygons (footprints) are usually orthogonal. A complicated orthogonal polygon can be partitioned into a set of rectangles. The proposed GIS and 3DCG integrated system partitions orthogonal building polygons into a set of rectangles and places rectangular roofs and box-shaped building bodies on these rectangles. Since technicians are drawing these polygons manually with digitizers, depending on aerial photos, not all building polygons are precisely orthogonal. But, when placing a set of boxes as building bodies for creating the buildings, there may be gaps or overlaps between these boxes if building polygons are not precisely orthogonal. In our proposal, after approximately orthogonal building polygons are partitioned and rectified into a set of mutually orthogonal rectangles, each rectangle knows which rectangle is adjacent to and which edge of the rectangle is adjacent to, which will avoid unwanted intersection of windows and doors when building bodies combined.      
### 44.MFR 2021: Masked Face Recognition Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15288.pdf)
>  This paper presents a summary of the Masked Face Recognition Competitions (MFR) held within the 2021 International Joint Conference on Biometrics (IJCB 2021). The competition attracted a total of 10 participating teams with valid submissions. The affiliations of these teams are diverse and associated with academia and industry in nine different countries. These teams successfully submitted 18 valid solutions. The competition is designed to motivate solutions aiming at enhancing the face recognition accuracy of masked faces. Moreover, the competition considered the deployability of the proposed solutions by taking the compactness of the face recognition models into account. A private dataset representing a collaborative, multi-session, real masked, capture scenario is used to evaluate the submitted solutions. In comparison to one of the top-performing academic face recognition solutions, 10 out of the 18 submitted solutions did score higher masked face verification accuracy.      
### 45.Tackling Catastrophic Forgetting and Background Shift in Continual Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15287.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches are nowadays ubiquitously used to tackle computer vision tasks such as semantic segmentation, requiring large datasets and substantial computational power. Continual learning for semantic segmentation (CSS) is an emerging trend that consists in updating an old model by sequentially adding new classes. However, continual learning methods are usually prone to catastrophic forgetting. This issue is further aggravated in CSS where, at each step, old classes from previous iterations are collapsed into the background. In this paper, we propose Local POD, a multi-scale pooling distillation scheme that preserves long- and short-range spatial relationships at feature level. Furthermore, we design an entropy-based pseudo-labelling of the background w.r.t. classes predicted by the old model to deal with background shift and avoid catastrophic forgetting of the old classes. Finally, we introduce a novel rehearsal method that is particularly suited for segmentation. Our approach, called PLOP, significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods in existing CSS scenarios, as well as in newly proposed challenging benchmarks.      
### 46.Evaluating Deep Neural Networks for Image Document Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15286.pdf)
>  This work evaluates six state-of-the-art deep neural network (DNN) architectures applied to the problem of enhancing camera-captured document images. The results from each network were evaluated both qualitatively and quantitatively using Image Quality Assessment (IQA) metrics, and also compared with an existing approach based on traditional computer vision techniques. The best performing architectures generally produced good enhancement compared to the existing algorithm, showing that it is possible to use DNNs for document image enhancement. Furthermore, the best performing architectures could work as a baseline for future investigations on document enhancement using deep learning techniques. The main contributions of this paper are: a baseline of deep learning techniques that can be further improved to provide better results, and a evaluation methodology using IQA metrics for quantitatively comparing the produced images from the neural networks to a ground truth.      
### 47.Similarity Embedding Networks for Robust Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15283.pdf)
>  Deep learning models for human activity recognition (HAR) based on sensor data have been heavily studied recently. However, the generalization ability of deep models on complex real-world HAR data is limited by the availability of high-quality labeled activity data, which are hard to obtain. In this paper, we design a similarity embedding neural network that maps input sensor signals onto real vectors through carefully designed convolutional and LSTM layers. The embedding network is trained with a pairwise similarity loss, encouraging the clustering of samples from the same class in the embedded real space, and can be effectively trained on a small dataset and even on a noisy dataset with mislabeled samples. Based on the learned embeddings, we further propose both nonparametric and parametric approaches for activity recognition. Extensive evaluation based on two public datasets has shown that the proposed similarity embedding network significantly outperforms state-of-the-art deep models on HAR classification tasks, is robust to mislabeled samples in the training set, and can also be used to effectively denoise a noisy dataset.      
### 48.Cascaded Diffusion Models for High Fidelity Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15282.pdf)
>  We show that cascaded diffusion models are capable of generating high fidelity images on the class-conditional ImageNet generation challenge, without any assistance from auxiliary image classifiers to boost sample quality. A cascaded diffusion model comprises a pipeline of multiple diffusion models that generate images of increasing resolution, beginning with a standard diffusion model at the lowest resolution, followed by one or more super-resolution diffusion models that successively upsample the image and add higher resolution details. We find that the sample quality of a cascading pipeline relies crucially on conditioning augmentation, our proposed method of data augmentation of the lower resolution conditioning inputs to the super-resolution models. Our experiments show that conditioning augmentation prevents compounding error during sampling in a cascaded model, helping us to train cascading pipelines achieving FID scores of 1.48 at 64x64, 3.52 at 128x128 and 4.88 at 256x256 resolutions, outperforming BigGAN-deep.      
### 49.On-board Volcanic Eruption Detection through CNNs and Satellite Multispectral Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15281.pdf)
>  In recent years, the growth of Machine Learning algorithms in a variety of different applications has raised numerous studies on the applicability of these algorithms in real scenarios. Among all, one of the hardest scenarios, due to its physical requirements, is the aerospace one. In this context, the authors of this work aim to propose a first prototype and a study of feasibility for an AI model to be 'loaded' on board. As a case study, the authors decided to investigate the detection of volcanic eruptions as a method to swiftly produce alerts. Two Convolutional Neural Networks have been proposed and created, also showing how to correctly implement them on real hardware and how the complexity of a CNN can be adapted to fit computational requirements.      
### 50.Xihe: A 3D Vision-based Lighting Estimation Framework for Mobile Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15280.pdf)
>  Omnidirectional lighting provides the foundation for achieving spatially-variant photorealistic 3D rendering, a desirable property for mobile augmented reality applications. However, in practice, estimating omnidirectional lighting can be challenging due to limitations such as partial panoramas of the rendering positions, and the inherent environment lighting and mobile user dynamics. A new opportunity arises recently with the advancements in mobile 3D vision, including built-in high-accuracy depth sensors and deep learning-powered algorithms, which provide the means to better sense and understand the physical surroundings. Centering the key idea of 3D vision, in this work, we design an edge-assisted framework called Xihe to provide mobile AR applications the ability to obtain accurate omnidirectional lighting estimation in real time. Specifically, we develop a novel sampling technique that efficiently compresses the raw point cloud input generated at the mobile device. This technique is derived based on our empirical analysis of a recent 3D indoor dataset and plays a key role in our 3D vision-based lighting estimator pipeline design. To achieve the real-time goal, we develop a tailored GPU pipeline for on-device point cloud processing and use an encoding technique that reduces network transmitted bytes. Finally, we present an adaptive triggering strategy that allows Xihe to skip unnecessary lighting estimations and a practical way to provide temporal coherent rendering integration with the mobile AR ecosystem. We evaluate both the lighting estimation accuracy and time of Xihe using a reference mobile application developed with Xihe's APIs. Our results show that Xihe takes as fast as 20.67ms per lighting estimation and achieves 9.4% better estimation accuracy than a state-of-the-art neural network.      
### 51.Open-Set Representation Learning through Combinatorial Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15278.pdf)
>  Visual recognition tasks are often limited to dealing with a small subset of classes simply because the labels for the remaining classes are unavailable. We are interested in identifying novel concepts in a dataset through representation learning based on the examples in both labeled and unlabeled classes, and extending the horizon of recognition to both known and novel classes. To address this challenging task, we propose a combinatorial learning approach, which naturally clusters the examples in unseen classes using the compositional knowledge given by multiple supervised meta-classifiers on heterogeneous label spaces. We also introduce a metric learning strategy to estimate pairwise pseudo-labels for improving representations of unlabeled examples, which preserves semantic relations across known and novel classes effectively. The proposed algorithm discovers novel concepts via a joint optimization of enhancing the discrimitiveness of unseen classes as well as learning the representations of known classes generalizable to novel ones. Our extensive experiments demonstrate remarkable performance gains by the proposed approach in multiple image retrieval and novel class discovery benchmarks.      
### 52.Perception-aware Multi-sensor Fusion for 3D LiDAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15277.pdf)
>  3D LiDAR (light detection and ranging) based semantic segmentation is important in scene understanding for many applications, such as auto-driving and robotics. For example, for autonomous cars equipped with RGB cameras and LiDAR, it is crucial to fuse complementary information from different sensors for robust and accurate segmentation. Existing fusion-based methods, however, may not achieve promising performance due to the vast difference between two modalities. In this work, we investigate a collaborative fusion scheme called perception-aware multi-sensor fusion (PMF) to exploit perceptual information from two modalities, namely, appearance information from RGB images and spatio-depth information from point clouds. To this end, we first project point clouds to the camera coordinates to provide spatio-depth information for RGB images. Then, we propose a two-stream network to extract features from the two modalities, separately, and fuse the features by effective residual-based fusion modules. Moreover, we propose additional perception-aware losses to measure the great perceptual difference between the two modalities. Extensive experiments on two benchmark data sets show the superiority of our method. For example, on nuScenes, our PMF outperforms the state-of-the-art method by 0.8% in mIoU.      
### 53.Predicting the Solar Potential of Rooftops using Image Segmentation and Structured Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15268.pdf)
>  Estimating the amount of electricity that can be produced by rooftop photovoltaic systems is a time-consuming process that requires on-site measurements, a difficult task to achieve on a large scale. In this paper, we present an approach to estimate the solar potential of rooftops based on their location and architectural characteristics, as well as the amount of solar radiation they receive annually. Our technique uses computer vision to achieve semantic segmentation of roof sections and roof objects on the one hand, and a machine learning model based on structured building features to predict roof pitch on the other hand. We then compute the azimuth and maximum number of solar panels that can be installed on a rooftop with geometric approaches. Finally, we compute precise shading masks and combine them with solar irradiation data that enables us to estimate the yearly solar potential of a rooftop.      
### 54.SRF-Net: Selective Receptive Field Network for Anchor-Free Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15258.pdf)
>  Temporal action detection (TAD) is a challenging task which aims to temporally localize and recognize the human action in untrimmed videos. Current mainstream one-stage TAD approaches localize and classify action proposals relying on pre-defined anchors, where the location and scale for action instances are set by designers. Obviously, such an anchor-based TAD method limits its generalization capability and will lead to performance degradation when videos contain rich action variation. In this study, we explore to remove the requirement of pre-defined anchors for TAD methods. A novel TAD model termed as Selective Receptive Field Network (SRF-Net) is developed, in which the location offsets and classification scores at each temporal location can be directly estimated in the feature map and SRF-Net is trained in an end-to-end manner. Innovatively, a building block called Selective Receptive Field Convolution (SRFC) is dedicatedly designed which is able to adaptively adjust its receptive field size according to multiple scales of input information at each temporal location in the feature map. Extensive experiments are conducted on the THUMOS14 dataset, and superior results are reported comparing to state-of-the-art TAD approaches.      
### 55.Predicting Depth from Semantic Segmentation using Game Engine Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15257.pdf)
>  Depth perception is fundamental for robots to understand the surrounding environment. As the view of cognitive neuroscience, visual depth perception methods are divided into three categories, namely binocular, active, and pictorial. The first two categories have been studied for decades in detail. However, research for the exploration of the third category is still in its infancy and has got momentum by the advent of deep learning methods in recent years. In cognitive neuroscience, it is known that pictorial depth perception mechanisms are dependent on the perception of seen objects. Inspired by this fact, in this thesis, we investigated the relation of perception of objects and depth estimation convolutional neural networks. For this purpose, we developed new network structures based on a simple depth estimation network that only used a single image at its input. Our proposed structures use both an image and a semantic label of the image as their input. We used semantic labels as the output of object perception. The obtained results of performance comparison between the developed network and original network showed that our novel structures can improve the performance of depth estimation by 52\% of relative error of distance in the examined cases. Most of the experimental studies were carried out on synthetic datasets that were generated by game engines to isolate the performance comparison from the effect of inaccurate depth and semantic labels of non-synthetic datasets. It is shown that particular synthetic datasets may be used for training of depth networks in cases that an appropriate dataset is not available. Furthermore, we showed that in these cases, usage of semantic labels improves the robustness of the network against domain shift from synthetic training data to non-synthetic test data.      
### 56.AutoNovel: Automatically Discovering and Learning Novel Visual Categories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15252.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of discovering novel classes in an image collection given labelled examples of other classes. We present a new approach called AutoNovel to address this problem by combining three ideas: (1) we suggest that the common approach of bootstrapping an image representation using the labelled data only introduces an unwanted bias, and that this can be avoided by using self-supervised learning to train the representation from scratch on the union of labelled and unlabelled data; (2) we use ranking statistics to transfer the model's knowledge of the labelled classes to the problem of clustering the unlabelled images; and, (3) we train the data representation by optimizing a joint objective function on the labelled and unlabelled subsets of the data, improving both the supervised classification of the labelled data, and the clustering of the unlabelled data. Moreover, we propose a method to estimate the number of classes for the case where the number of new categories is not known a priori. We evaluate AutoNovel on standard classification benchmarks and substantially outperform current methods for novel category discovery. In addition, we also show that AutoNovel can be used for fully unsupervised image clustering, achieving promising results.      
### 57.Using Robust Regression to Find Font Usage Trends  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15232.pdf)
>  Fonts have had trends throughout their history, not only in when they were invented but also in their usage and popularity. In this paper, we attempt to specifically find the trends in font usage using robust regression on a large collection of text images. We utilize movie posters as the source of fonts for this task because movie posters can represent time periods by using their release date. In addition, movie posters are documents that are carefully designed and represent a wide range of fonts. To understand the relationship between the fonts of movie posters and time, we use a regression Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to estimate the release year of a movie using an isolated title text image. Due to the difficulty of the task, we propose to use of a hybrid training regimen that uses a combination of Mean Squared Error (MSE) and Tukey's biweight loss. Furthermore, we perform a thorough analysis on the trends of fonts through time.      
### 58.Domain-Class Correlation Decomposition for Generalizable Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15206.pdf)
>  Domain generalization in person re-identification is a highly important meaningful and practical task in which a model trained with data from several source domains is expected to generalize well to unseen target domains. Domain adversarial learning is a promising domain generalization method that aims to remove domain information in the latent representation through adversarial training. However, in person re-identification, the domain and class are correlated, and we theoretically show that domain adversarial learning will lose certain information about class due to this domain-class correlation. Inspired by casual inference, we propose to perform interventions to the domain factor $d$, aiming to decompose the domain-class correlation. To achieve this goal, we proposed estimating the resulting representation $z^{*}$ caused by the intervention through first- and second-order statistical characteristic matching. Specifically, we build a memory bank to restore the statistical characteristics of each domain. Then, we use the newly generated samples $\{z^{*},y,d^{*}\}$ to compute the loss function. These samples are domain-class correlation decomposed; thus, we can learn a domain-invariant representation that can capture more class-related features. Extensive experiments show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the large-scale domain generalization Re-ID benchmark.      
### 59.Inconspicuous Adversarial Patches for Fooling Image Recognition Systems on Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15202.pdf)
>  Deep learning based image recognition systems have been widely deployed on mobile devices in today's world. In recent studies, however, deep learning models are shown vulnerable to adversarial examples. One variant of adversarial examples, called adversarial patch, draws researchers' attention due to its strong attack abilities. Though adversarial patches achieve high attack success rates, they are easily being detected because of the visual inconsistency between the patches and the original images. Besides, it usually requires a large amount of data for adversarial patch generation in the literature, which is computationally expensive and time-consuming. To tackle these challenges, we propose an approach to generate inconspicuous adversarial patches with one single image. In our approach, we first decide the patch locations basing on the perceptual sensitivity of victim models, then produce adversarial patches in a coarse-to-fine way by utilizing multiple-scale generators and discriminators. The patches are encouraged to be consistent with the background images with adversarial training while preserving strong attack abilities. Our approach shows the strong attack abilities in white-box settings and the excellent transferability in black-box settings through extensive experiments on various models with different architectures and training methods. Compared to other adversarial patches, our adversarial patches hold the most negligible risks to be detected and can evade human observations, which is supported by the illustrations of saliency maps and results of user evaluations. Lastly, we show that our adversarial patches can be applied in the physical world.      
### 60.Multi-Exit Vision Transformer for Dynamic Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15183.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks can be converted to multi-exit architectures by inserting early exit branches after some of their intermediate layers. This allows their inference process to become dynamic, which is useful for time critical IoT applications with stringent latency requirements, but with time-variant communication and computation resources. In particular, in edge computing systems and IoT networks where the exact computation time budget is variable and not known beforehand. Vision Transformer is a recently proposed architecture which has since found many applications across various domains of computer vision. In this work, we propose seven different architectures for early exit branches that can be used for dynamic inference in Vision Transformer backbones. Through extensive experiments involving both classification and regression problems, we show that each one of our proposed architectures could prove useful in the trade-off between accuracy and speed.      
### 61.Wrong Colored Vermeer: Color-Symmetric Image Distortion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15179.pdf)
>  Color symmetry implies that the colors of geometrical objects are assigned according to their symmetry properties. It is defined by associating the elements of the symmetry group with a color permutation. I use this concept for generative art and apply symmetry-consistent color distortions to images of paintings by Johannes Vermeer. The color permutations are realized as mappings of the HSV color space onto itself.      
### 62.TUCaN: Progressively Teaching Colourisation to Capsules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15176.pdf)
>  Automatic image colourisation is the computer vision research path that studies how to colourise greyscale images (for restoration). Deep learning techniques improved image colourisation yielding astonishing results. These differ by various factors, such as structural differences, input types, user assistance, etc. Most of them, base the architectural structure on convolutional layers with no emphasis on layers specialised in object features extraction. We introduce a novel downsampling upsampling architecture named TUCaN (Tiny UCapsNet) that exploits the collaboration of convolutional layers and capsule layers to obtain a neat colourisation of entities present in every single image. This is obtained by enforcing collaboration among such layers by skip and residual connections. We pose the problem as a per pixel colour classification task that identifies colours as a bin in a quantized space. To train the network, in contrast with the standard end to end learning method, we propose the progressive learning scheme to extract the context of objects by only manipulating the learning process without changing the model. In this scheme, the upsampling starts from the reconstruction of low resolution images and progressively grows to high resolution images throughout the training phase. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets show that our approach with ImageNet10k dataset outperforms existing methods on standard quality metrics and achieves state of the art performances on image colourisation. We performed a user study to quantify the perceptual realism of the colourisation results demonstrating: that progressive learning let the TUCaN achieve better colours than the end to end scheme; and pointing out the limitations of the existing evaluation metrics.      
### 63.Spatio-Temporal Context for Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15171.pdf)
>  Research in action detection has grown in the recentyears, as it plays a key role in video understanding. Modelling the interactions (either spatial or temporal) between actors and their context has proven to be essential for this task. While recent works use spatial features with aggregated temporal information, this work proposes to use non-aggregated temporal information. This is done by adding an attention based method that leverages spatio-temporal interactions between elements in the scene along the clip.The main contribution of this work is the introduction of two cross attention blocks to effectively model the spatial relations and capture short range temporal interactions.Experiments on the AVA dataset show the advantages of the proposed approach that models spatio-temporal relations between relevant elements in the scene, outperforming other methods that model actor interactions with their context by +0.31 mAP.      
### 64.Constructing Stronger and Faster Baselines for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15125.pdf)
>  One essential problem in skeleton-based action recognition is how to extract discriminative features over all skeleton joints. However, the complexity of the recent State-Of-The-Art (SOTA) models for this task tends to be exceedingly sophisticated and over-parameterized. The low efficiency in model training and inference has increased the validation costs of model architectures in large-scale datasets. To address the above issue, recent advanced separable convolutional layers are embedded into an early fused Multiple Input Branches (MIB) network, constructing an efficient Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) baseline for skeleton-based action recognition. In addition, based on such the baseline, we design a compound scaling strategy to expand the model's width and depth synchronously, and eventually obtain a family of efficient GCN baselines with high accuracies and small amounts of trainable parameters, termed EfficientGCN-Bx, where ''x'' denotes the scaling coefficient. On two large-scale datasets, i.e., NTU RGB+D 60 and 120, the proposed EfficientGCN-B4 baseline outperforms other SOTA methods, e.g., achieving 91.7% accuracy on the cross-subject benchmark of NTU 60 dataset, while being 3.15x smaller and 3.21x faster than MS-G3D, which is one of the best SOTA methods. The source code in PyTorch version and the pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yfsong0709/EfficientGCNv1" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Face Sketch Synthesis via Semantic-Driven Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15121.pdf)
>  Face sketch synthesis has made significant progress with the development of deep neural networks in these years. The delicate depiction of sketch portraits facilitates a wide range of applications like digital entertainment and law enforcement. However, accurate and realistic face sketch generation is still a challenging task due to the illumination variations and complex backgrounds in the real scenes. To tackle these challenges, we propose a novel Semantic-Driven Generative Adversarial Network (SDGAN) which embeds global structure-level style injection and local class-level knowledge re-weighting. Specifically, we conduct facial saliency detection on the input face photos to provide overall facial texture structure, which could be used as a global type of prior information. In addition, we exploit face parsing layouts as the semantic-level spatial prior to enforce globally structural style injection in the generator of SDGAN. Furthermore, to enhance the realistic effect of the details, we propose a novel Adaptive Re-weighting Loss (ARLoss) which dedicates to balance the contributions of different semantic classes. Experimentally, our extensive experiments on CUFS and CUFSF datasets show that our proposed algorithm achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 66.SDL: New data generation tools for full-level annotated document layout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15117.pdf)
>  We present a novel data generation tool for document processing. The tool focuses on providing a maximal level of visual information in a normal type document, ranging from character position to paragraph-level position. It also enables working with a large dataset on low-resource languages as well as providing a mean of processing thorough full-level information of the documented text. The data generation tools come with a dataset of 320000 Vietnamese synthetic document images and an instruction to generate a dataset of similar size in other languages. The repository can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tson1997/SDL-Document-Image-Generation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 67.An Efficient Cervical Whole Slide Image Analysis Framework Based on Multi-scale Semantic and Spatial Features using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15113.pdf)
>  Digital gigapixel whole slide image (WSI) is widely used in clinical diagnosis, and automated WSI analysis is key for computer-aided diagnosis. Currently, analyzing the integrated descriptor of probabilities or feature maps from massive local patches encoded by ResNet classifier is the main manner for WSI-level prediction. Feature representations of the sparse and tiny lesion cells in cervical slides, however, are still challengeable for the under-promoted upstream encoders, while the unused spatial representations of cervical cells are the available features to supply the semantics analysis. As well as patches sampling with overlap and repetitive processing incur the inefficiency and the unpredictable side effect. This study designs a novel inline connection network (InCNet) by enriching the multi-scale connectivity to build the lightweight model named You Only Look Cytopathology Once (YOLCO) with the additional supervision of spatial information. The proposed model allows the input size enlarged to megapixel that can stitch the WSI without any overlap by the average repeats decreased from $10^3\sim10^4$ to $10^1\sim10^2$ for collecting features and predictions at two scales. Based on Transformer for classifying the integrated multi-scale multi-task features, the experimental results appear $0.872$ AUC score better and $2.51\times$ faster than the best conventional method in WSI classification on multicohort datasets of 2,019 slides from four scanning devices.      
### 68.O2O-Afford: Annotation-Free Large-Scale Object-Object Affordance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15087.pdf)
>  Contrary to the vast literature in modeling, perceiving, and understanding agent-object (e.g., human-object, hand-object, robot-object) interaction in computer vision and robotics, very few past works have studied the task of object-object interaction, which also plays an important role in robotic manipulation and planning tasks. There is a rich space of object-object interaction scenarios in our daily life, such as placing an object on a messy tabletop, fitting an object inside a drawer, pushing an object using a tool, etc. In this paper, we propose a unified affordance learning framework to learn object-object interaction for various tasks. By constructing four object-object interaction task environments using physical simulation (SAPIEN) and thousands of ShapeNet models with rich geometric diversity, we are able to conduct large-scale object-object affordance learning without the need for human annotations or demonstrations. At the core of technical contribution, we propose an object-kernel point convolution network to reason about detailed interaction between two objects. Experiments on large-scale synthetic data and real-world data prove the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Please refer to the project webpage for code, data, video, and more materials: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cs.stanford.edu/~kaichun/o2oafford" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 69.An End-to-End Autofocus Camera for Iris on the Move  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15069.pdf)
>  For distant iris recognition, a long focal length lens is generally used to ensure the resolution ofiris images, which reduces the depth of field and leads to potential defocus blur. To accommodate users at different distances, it is necessary to control focus quickly and accurately. While for users in motion, it is expected to maintain the correct focus on the iris area continuously. In this paper, we introduced a novel rapid autofocus camera for active refocusing ofthe iris area ofthe moving objects using a focus-tunable lens. Our end-to-end computational algorithm can predict the best focus position from one single blurred image and generate a lens diopter control signal automatically. This scene-based active manipulation method enables real-time focus tracking of the iris area ofa moving object. We built a testing bench to collect real-world focal stacks for evaluation of the autofocus methods. Our camera has reached an autofocus speed ofover 50 fps. The results demonstrate the advantages of our proposed camera for biometric perception in static and dynamic scenes. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Debatrix/AquulaCam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.Towards Understanding the Effectiveness of Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15067.pdf)
>  Attention Mechanism is a widely used method for improving the performance of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on computer vision tasks. Despite its pervasiveness, we have a poor understanding of what its effectiveness stems from. It is popularly believed that its effectiveness stems from the visual attention explanation, advocating focusing on the important part of input data rather than ingesting the entire input. In this paper, we find that there is only a weak consistency between the attention weights of features and their importance. Instead, we verify the crucial role of feature map multiplication in attention mechanism and uncover a fundamental impact of feature map multiplication on the learned landscapes of CNNs: with the high order non-linearity brought by the feature map multiplication, it played a regularization role on CNNs, which made them learn smoother and more stable landscapes near real samples compared to vanilla CNNs. This smoothness and stability induce a more predictive and stable behavior in-between real samples, and make CNNs generate better. Moreover, motivated by the proposed effectiveness of feature map multiplication, we design feature map multiplication network (FMMNet) by simply replacing the feature map addition in ResNet with feature map multiplication. FMMNet outperforms ResNet on various datasets, and this indicates that feature map multiplication plays a vital role in improving the performance even without finely designed attention mechanism in existing methods.      
### 71.GuidedMix-Net: Learning to Improve Pseudo Masks Using Labeled Images as Reference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15064.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning is a challenging problem which aims to construct a model by learning from a limited number of labeled examples. Numerous methods have been proposed to tackle this problem, with most focusing on utilizing the predictions of unlabeled instances consistency alone to regularize networks. However, treating labeled and unlabeled data separately often leads to the discarding of mass prior knowledge learned from the labeled examples, and failure to mine the feature interaction between the labeled and unlabeled image pairs. In this paper, we propose a novel method for semi-supervised semantic segmentation named GuidedMix-Net, by leveraging labeled information to guide the learning of unlabeled instances. Specifically, we first introduce a feature alignment objective between labeled and unlabeled data to capture potentially similar image pairs and then generate mixed inputs from them. The proposed mutual information transfer (MITrans), based on the cluster assumption, is shown to be a powerful knowledge module for further progressive refining features of unlabeled data in the mixed data space. To take advantage of the labeled examples and guide unlabeled data learning, we further propose a mask generation module to generate high-quality pseudo masks for the unlabeled data. Along with supervised learning for labeled data, the prediction of unlabeled data is jointly learned with the generated pseudo masks from the mixed data. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012, PASCAL-Context and Cityscapes demonstrate the effectiveness of our GuidedMix-Net, which achieves competitive segmentation accuracy and significantly improves the mIoU by +7$\%$ compared to previous state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 72.Improving Transferability of Adversarial Patches on Face Recognition with Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15058.pdf)
>  Face recognition is greatly improved by deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Recently, these face recognition models have been used for identity authentication in security sensitive applications. However, deep CNNs are vulnerable to adversarial patches, which are physically realizable and stealthy, raising new security concerns on the real-world applications of these models. In this paper, we evaluate the robustness of face recognition models using adversarial patches based on transferability, where the attacker has limited accessibility to the target models. First, we extend the existing transfer-based attack techniques to generate transferable adversarial patches. However, we observe that the transferability is sensitive to initialization and degrades when the perturbation magnitude is large, indicating the overfitting to the substitute models. Second, we propose to regularize the adversarial patches on the low dimensional data manifold. The manifold is represented by generative models pre-trained on legitimate human face images. Using face-like features as adversarial perturbations through optimization on the manifold, we show that the gaps between the responses of substitute models and the target models dramatically decrease, exhibiting a better transferability. Extensive digital world experiments are conducted to demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method in the black-box setting. We apply the proposed method in the physical world as well.      
### 73.EVPropNet: Detecting Drones By Finding Propellers For Mid-Air Landing And Following  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15045.pdf)
>  The rapid rise of accessibility of unmanned aerial vehicles or drones pose a threat to general security and confidentiality. Most of the commercially available or custom-built drones are multi-rotors and are comprised of multiple propellers. Since these propellers rotate at a high-speed, they are generally the fastest moving parts of an image and cannot be directly "seen" by a classical camera without severe motion blur. We utilize a class of sensors that are particularly suitable for such scenarios called event cameras, which have a high temporal resolution, low-latency, and high dynamic range. <br>In this paper, we model the geometry of a propeller and use it to generate simulated events which are used to train a deep neural network called EVPropNet to detect propellers from the data of an event camera. EVPropNet directly transfers to the real world without any fine-tuning or retraining. We present two applications of our network: (a) tracking and following an unmarked drone and (b) landing on a near-hover drone. We successfully evaluate and demonstrate the proposed approach in many real-world experiments with different propeller shapes and sizes. Our network can detect propellers at a rate of 85.1% even when 60% of the propeller is occluded and can run at upto 35Hz on a 2W power budget. To our knowledge, this is the first deep learning-based solution for detecting propellers (to detect drones). Finally, our applications also show an impressive success rate of 92% and 90% for the tracking and landing tasks respectively.      
### 74.Are conditional GANs explicitly conditional?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15011.pdf)
>  This paper proposes two important contributions for conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) to improve the wide variety of applications that exploit this architecture. The first main contribution is an analysis of cGANs to show that they are not explicitly conditional. In particular, it will be shown that the discriminator and subsequently the cGAN does not automatically learn the conditionality between inputs. The second contribution is a new method, called acontrario, that explicitly models conditionality for both parts of the adversarial architecture via a novel acontrario loss that involves training the discriminator to learn unconditional (adverse) examples. This leads to a novel type of data augmentation approach for GANs (acontrario learning) which allows to restrict the search space of the generator to conditional outputs using adverse examples. Extensive experimentation is carried out to evaluate the conditionality of the discriminator by proposing a probability distribution analysis. Comparisons with the cGAN architecture for different applications show significant improvements in performance on well known datasets including, semantic image synthesis, image segmentation and monocular depth prediction using different metrics including Frchet Inception Distance(FID), mean Intersection over Union (mIoU), Root Mean Square Error log (RMSE log) and Number of statistically-Different Bins (NDB)      
### 75.Understanding Cognitive Fatigue from fMRI Scans with Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15009.pdf)
>  Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) is a neuroimaging technique that records neural activations in the brain by capturing the blood oxygen level in different regions based on the task performed by a subject. Given fMRI data, the problem of predicting the state of cognitive fatigue in a person has not been investigated to its full extent. This paper proposes tackling this issue as a multi-class classification problem by dividing the state of cognitive fatigue into six different levels, ranging from no-fatigue to extreme fatigue conditions. We built a spatio-temporal model that uses convolutional neural networks (CNN) for spatial feature extraction and a long short-term memory (LSTM) network for temporal modeling of 4D fMRI scans. We also applied a self-supervised method called MoCo to pre-train our model on a public dataset BOLD5000 and fine-tuned it on our labeled dataset to classify cognitive fatigue. Our novel dataset contains fMRI scans from Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) patients and healthy controls (HCs) while performing a series of cognitive tasks. This method establishes a state-of-the-art technique to analyze cognitive fatigue from fMRI data and beats previous approaches to solve this problem.      
### 76.An Uncertainty Estimation Framework for Probabilistic Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15007.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a new technique that combines two popular methods to estimate uncertainty in object detection. Quantifying uncertainty is critical in real-world robotic applications. Traditional detection models can be ambiguous even when they provide a high-probability output. Robot actions based on high-confidence, yet unreliable predictions, may result in serious repercussions. Our framework employs deep ensembles and Monte Carlo dropout for approximating predictive uncertainty, and it improves upon the uncertainty estimation quality of the baseline method. The proposed approach is evaluated on publicly available synthetic image datasets captured from sequences of video.      
### 77.Multimodal Trajectory Prediction Conditioned on Lane-Graph Traversals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15004.pdf)
>  Accurately predicting the future motion of surrounding vehicles requires reasoning about the inherent uncertainty in goals and driving behavior. This uncertainty can be loosely decoupled into lateral (e.g., keeping lane, turning) and longitudinal (e.g., accelerating, braking). We present a novel method that combines learned discrete policy rollouts with a focused decoder on subsets of the lane graph. The policy rollouts explore different goals given our current observations, ensuring that the model captures lateral variability. The longitudinal variability is captured by our novel latent variable model decoder that is conditioned on various subsets of the lane graph. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the nuScenes motion prediction dataset, and qualitatively demonstrates excellent scene compliance. Detailed ablations highlight the importance of both the policy rollouts and the decoder architecture.      
### 78.Object Detection Based Handwriting Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14989.pdf)
>  We present an object detection based approach to localize handwritten regions from documents, which initially aims to enhance the anonymization during the data transmission. The concatenated fusion of original and preprocessed images containing both printed texts and handwritten notes or signatures are fed into the convolutional neural network, where the bounding boxes are learned to detect the handwriting. Afterwards, the handwritten regions can be processed (e.g. replaced with redacted signatures) to conceal the personally identifiable information (PII). This processing pipeline based on the deep learning network Cascade R-CNN works at 10 fps on a GPU during the inference, which ensures the enhanced anonymization with minimal computational overheads. Furthermore, the impressive generalizability has been empirically showcased: the trained model based on the English-dominant dataset works well on the fictitious unseen invoices, even in Chinese. The proposed approach is also expected to facilitate other tasks such as handwriting recognition and signature verification.      
### 79.Deep Learning for Face Anti-Spoofing: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14948.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing (FAS) has lately attracted increasing attention due to its vital role in securing face recognition systems from presentation attacks (PAs). As more and more realistic PAs with novel types spring up, traditional FAS methods based on handcrafted features become unreliable due to their limited representation capacity. With the emergence of large-scale academic datasets in the recent decade, deep learning based FAS achieves remarkable performance and dominates this area. However, existing reviews in this field mainly focus on the handcrafted features, which are outdated and uninspiring for the progress of FAS community. In this paper, to stimulate future research, we present the first comprehensive review of recent advances in deep learning based FAS. It covers several novel and insightful components: 1) besides supervision with binary label (e.g., '0' for bonafide vs. '1' for PAs), we also investigate recent methods with pixel-wise supervision (e.g., pseudo depth map); 2) in addition to traditional intra-dataset evaluation, we collect and analyze the latest methods specially designed for domain generalization and open-set FAS; and 3) besides commercial RGB camera, we summarize the deep learning applications under multi-modal (e.g., depth and infrared) or specialized (e.g., light field and flash) sensors. We conclude this survey by emphasizing current open issues and highlighting potential prospects.      
### 80.Achieving Real-Time Object Detection on MobileDevices with Neural Pruning Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14943.pdf)
>  Object detection plays an important role in self-driving cars for security development. However, mobile systems on self-driving cars with limited computation resources lead to difficulties for object detection. To facilitate this, we propose a compiler-aware neural pruning search framework to achieve high-speed inference on autonomous vehicles for 2D and 3D object detection. The framework automatically searches the pruning scheme and rate for each layer to find a best-suited pruning for optimizing detection accuracy and speed performance under compiler optimization. Our experiments demonstrate that for the first time, the proposed method achieves (close-to) real-time, 55ms and 99ms inference times for YOLOv4 based 2D object detection and PointPillars based 3D detection, respectively, on an off-the-shelf mobile phone with minor (or no) accuracy loss.      
### 81.Fast Training of Neural Lumigraph Representations using Meta Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14942.pdf)
>  Novel view synthesis is a long-standing problem in machine learning and computer vision. Significant progress has recently been made in developing neural scene representations and rendering techniques that synthesize photorealistic images from arbitrary views. These representations, however, are extremely slow to train and often also slow to render. Inspired by neural variants of image-based rendering, we develop a new neural rendering approach with the goal of quickly learning a high-quality representation which can also be rendered in real-time. Our approach, MetaNLR++, accomplishes this by using a unique combination of a neural shape representation and 2D CNN-based image feature extraction, aggregation, and re-projection. To push representation convergence times down to minutes, we leverage meta learning to learn neural shape and image feature priors which accelerate training. The optimized shape and image features can then be extracted using traditional graphics techniques and rendered in real time. We show that MetaNLR++ achieves similar or better novel view synthesis results in a fraction of the time that competing methods require.      
### 82.Striking the Right Balance: Recall Loss for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14917.pdf)
>  Class imbalance is a fundamental problem in computer vision applications such as semantic segmentation. Specifically, uneven class distributions in a training dataset often result in unsatisfactory performance on under-represented classes. Many works have proposed to weight the standard cross entropy loss function with pre-computed weights based on class statistics, such as the number of samples and class margins. There are two major drawbacks to these methods: 1) constantly up-weighting minority classes can introduce excessive false positives in semantic segmentation; 2) a minority class is not necessarily a hard class. The consequence is low precision due to excessive false positives. In this regard, we propose a hard-class mining loss by reshaping the vanilla cross entropy loss such that it weights the loss for each class dynamically based on instantaneous recall performance. We show that the novel recall loss changes gradually between the standard cross entropy loss and the inverse frequency weighted loss. Recall loss also leads to improved mean accuracy while offering competitive mean Intersection over Union (IoU) performance. On Synthia dataset, recall loss achieves 9% relative improvement on mean accuracy with competitive mean IoU using DeepLab-ResNet18 compared to the cross entropy loss. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PotatoTian/recall-semseg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 83.Framework for an Intelligent Affect Aware Smart Home Environment for Elderly People  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15599.pdf)
>  The population of elderly people has been increasing at a rapid rate over the last few decades and their population is expected to further increase in the upcoming future. Their increasing population is associated with their increasing needs due to problems like physical disabilities, cognitive issues, weakened memory and disorganized behavior, that elderly people face with increasing age. To reduce their financial burden on the world economy and to enhance their quality of life, it is essential to develop technology-based solutions that are adaptive, assistive and intelligent in nature. Intelligent Affect Aware Systems that can not only analyze but also predict the behavior of elderly people in the context of their day to day interactions with technology in an IoT-based environment, holds immense potential for serving as a long-term solution for improving the user experience of elderly in smart homes. This work therefore proposes the framework for an Intelligent Affect Aware environment for elderly people that can not only analyze the affective components of their interactions but also predict their likely user experience even before they start engaging in any activity in the given smart home environment. This forecasting of user experience would provide scope for enhancing the same, thereby increasing the assistive and adaptive nature of such intelligent systems. To uphold the efficacy of this proposed framework for improving the quality of life of elderly people in smart homes, it has been tested on three datasets and the results are presented and discussed.      
### 84.A Mixed-Supervision Multilevel GAN Framework for Image Quality Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15575.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks for image quality enhancement typically need large quantities of highly-curated training data comprising pairs of low-quality images and their corresponding high-quality images. While high-quality image acquisition is typically expensive and time-consuming, medium-quality images are faster to acquire, at lower equipment costs, and available in larger quantities. Thus, we propose a novel generative adversarial network (GAN) that can leverage training data at multiple levels of quality (e.g., high and medium quality) to improve performance while limiting costs of data curation. We apply our mixed-supervision GAN to (i) super-resolve histopathology images and (ii) enhance laparoscopy images by combining super-resolution and surgical smoke removal. Results on large clinical and pre-clinical datasets show the benefits of our mixed-supervision GAN over the state of the art.      
### 85.Evaluation of Automated Image Descriptions for Visually Impaired Students  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15553.pdf)
>  Illustrations are widely used in education, and sometimes, alternatives are not available for visually impaired students. Therefore, those students would benefit greatly from an automatic illustration description system, but only if those descriptions were complete, correct, and easily understandable using a screenreader. In this paper, we report on a study for the assessment of automated image descriptions. We interviewed experts to establish evaluation criteria, which we then used to create an evaluation questionnaire for sighted non-expert raters, and description templates. We used this questionnaire to evaluate the quality of descriptions which could be generated with a template-based automatic image describer. We present evidence that these templates have the potential to generate useful descriptions, and that the questionnaire identifies problems with description templates.      
### 86.Hate speech detection using static BERT embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15537.pdf)
>  With increasing popularity of social media platforms hate speech is emerging as a major concern, where it expresses abusive speech that targets specific group characteristics, such as gender, religion or ethnicity to spread violence. Earlier people use to verbally deliver hate speeches but now with the expansion of technology, some people are deliberately using social media platforms to spread hate by posting, sharing, commenting, etc. Whether it is Christchurch mosque shootings or hate crimes against Asians in west, it has been observed that the convicts are very much influenced from hate text present online. Even though AI systems are in place to flag such text but one of the key challenges is to reduce the false positive rate (marking non hate as hate), so that these systems can detect hate speech without undermining the freedom of expression. In this paper, we use ETHOS hate speech detection dataset and analyze the performance of hate speech detection classifier by replacing or integrating the word embeddings (fastText (FT), GloVe (GV) or FT + GV) with static BERT embeddings (BE). With the extensive experimental trails it is observed that the neural network performed better with static BE compared to using FT, GV or FT + GV as word embeddings. In comparison to fine-tuned BERT, one metric that significantly improved is specificity.      
### 87.Spiking-GAN: A Spiking Generative Adversarial Network Using Time-To-First-Spike Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15420.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) have shown great potential in solving deep learning problems in an energy-efficient manner. However, they are still limited to simple classification tasks. In this paper, we propose Spiking-GAN, the first spike-based Generative Adversarial Network (GAN). It employs a kind of temporal coding scheme called time-to-first-spike coding. We train it using approximate backpropagation in the temporal domain. We use simple integrate-and-fire (IF) neurons with very high refractory period for our network which ensures a maximum of one spike per neuron. This makes the model much sparser than a spike rate-based system. Our modified temporal loss function called 'Aggressive TTFS' improves the inference time of the network by over 33% and reduces the number of spikes in the network by more than 11% compared to previous works. Our experiments show that on training the network on the MNIST dataset using this approach, we can generate high quality samples. Thereby demonstrating the potential of this framework for solving such problems in the spiking domain.      
### 88.Two-Stage Self-Supervised Cycle-Consistency Network for Reconstruction of Thin-Slice MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15395.pdf)
>  The thick-slice magnetic resonance (MR) images are often structurally blurred in coronal and sagittal views, which causes harm to diagnosis and image post-processing. Deep learning (DL) has shown great potential to re-construct the high-resolution (HR) thin-slice MR images from those low-resolution (LR) cases, which we refer to as the slice interpolation task in this work. However, since it is generally difficult to sample abundant paired LR-HR MR images, the classical fully supervised DL-based models cannot be effectively trained to get robust performance. To this end, we propose a novel Two-stage Self-supervised Cycle-consistency Network (TSCNet) for MR slice interpolation, in which a two-stage self-supervised learning (SSL) strategy is developed for unsupervised DL network training. The paired LR-HR images are synthesized along the sagittal and coronal directions of input LR images for network pretraining in the first-stage SSL, and then a cyclic in-terpolation procedure based on triplet axial slices is designed in the second-stage SSL for further refinement. More training samples with rich contexts along all directions are exploited as guidance to guarantee the improved in-terpolation performance. Moreover, a new cycle-consistency constraint is proposed to supervise this cyclic procedure, which encourages the network to reconstruct more realistic HR images. The experimental results on a real MRI dataset indicate that TSCNet achieves superior performance over the conventional and other SSL-based algorithms, and obtains competitive quali-tative and quantitative results compared with the fully supervised algorithm.      
### 89.Unified Framework for Spectral Dimensionality Reduction, Maximum Variance Unfolding, and Kernel Learning By Semidefinite Programming: Tutorial and Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15379.pdf)
>  This is a tutorial and survey paper on unification of spectral dimensionality reduction methods, kernel learning by Semidefinite Programming (SDP), Maximum Variance Unfolding (MVU) or Semidefinite Embedding (SDE), and its variants. We first explain how the spectral dimensionality reduction methods can be unified as kernel Principal Component Analysis (PCA) with different kernels. This unification can be interpreted as eigenfunction learning or representation of kernel in terms of distance matrix. Then, since the spectral methods are unified as kernel PCA, we say let us learn the best kernel for unfolding the manifold of data to its maximum variance. We first briefly introduce kernel learning by SDP for the transduction task. Then, we explain MVU in detail. Various versions of supervised MVU using nearest neighbors graph, by class-wise unfolding, by Fisher criterion, and by colored MVU are explained. We also explain out-of-sample extension of MVU using eigenfunctions and kernel mapping. Finally, we introduce other variants of MVU including action respecting embedding, relaxed MVU, and landmark MVU for big data.      
### 90.Multi-stage Optimization based Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15357.pdf)
>  In the field of adversarial robustness, there is a common practice that adopts the single-step adversarial training for quickly developing adversarially robust models. However, the single-step adversarial training is most likely to cause catastrophic overfitting, as after a few training epochs it will be hard to generate strong adversarial examples to continuously boost the adversarial robustness. In this work, we aim to avoid the catastrophic overfitting by introducing multi-step adversarial examples during the single-step adversarial training. Then, to balance the large training overhead of generating multi-step adversarial examples, we propose a Multi-stage Optimization based Adversarial Training (MOAT) method that periodically trains the model on mixed benign examples, single-step adversarial examples, and multi-step adversarial examples stage by stage. In this way, the overall training overhead is reduced significantly, meanwhile, the model could avoid catastrophic overfitting. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets demonstrate that under similar amount of training overhead, the proposed MOAT exhibits better robustness than either single-step or multi-step adversarial training methods.      
### 91.LB-CNN: An Open Source Framework for Fast Training of Light Binary Convolutional Neural Networks using Chainer and Cupy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15350.pdf)
>  Light binary convolutional neural networks (LB-CNN) are particularly useful when implemented in low-energy computing platforms as required in many industrial applications. Herein, a framework for optimizing compact LB-CNN is introduced and its effectiveness is evaluated. The framework is freely available and may run on free-access cloud platforms, thus requiring no major investments. The optimized model is saved in the standardized .h5 format and can be used as input to specialized tools for further deployment into specific technologies, thus enabling the rapid development of various intelligent image sensors. The main ingredient in accelerating the optimization of our model, particularly the selection of binary convolution kernels, is the Chainer/Cupy machine learning library offering significant speed-ups for training the output layer as an extreme-learning machine. Additional training of the output layer using Keras/Tensorflow is included, as it allows an increase in accuracy. Results for widely used datasets including MNIST, GTSRB, ORL, VGG show very good compromise between accuracy and complexity. Particularly, for face recognition problems a carefully optimized LB-CNN model provides up to 100% accuracies. Such TinyML solutions are well suited for industrial applications requiring image recognition with low energy consumption.      
### 92.Convolutional Sparse Coding Fast Approximation with Application to Seismic Reflectivity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15296.pdf)
>  In sparse coding, we attempt to extract features of input vectors, assuming that the data is inherently structured as a sparse superposition of basic building blocks. Similarly, neural networks perform a given task by learning features of the training data set. Recently both data-driven and model-driven feature extracting methods have become extremely popular and have achieved remarkable results. Nevertheless, practical implementations are often too slow to be employed in real-life scenarios, especially for real-time applications. We propose a speed-up upgraded version of the classic iterative thresholding algorithm, that produces a good approximation of the convolutional sparse code within 2-5 iterations. The speed advantage is gained mostly from the observation that most solvers are slowed down by inefficient global thresholding. The main idea is to normalize each data point by the local receptive field energy, before applying a threshold. This way, the natural inclination towards strong feature expressions is suppressed, so that one can rely on a global threshold that can be easily approximated, or learned during training. The proposed algorithm can be employed with a known predetermined dictionary, or with a trained dictionary. The trained version is implemented as a neural net designed as the unfolding of the proposed solver. The performance of the proposed solution is demonstrated via the seismic inversion problem in both synthetic and real data scenarios. We also provide theoretical guarantees for a stable support recovery. Namely, we prove that under certain conditions the true support is perfectly recovered within the first iteration.      
### 93.Adaptive Sample Selection for Robust Learning under Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15292.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been shown to be susceptible to memorization or overfitting in the presence of noisily labelled data. For the problem of robust learning under such noisy data, several algorithms have been proposed. A prominent class of algorithms rely on sample selection strategies, motivated by curriculum learning. For example, many algorithms use the `small loss trick' wherein a fraction of samples with loss values below a certain threshold are selected for training. These algorithms are sensitive to such thresholds, and it is difficult to fix or learn these thresholds. Often, these algorithms also require information such as label noise rates which are typically unavailable in practice. In this paper, we propose a data-dependent, adaptive sample selection strategy that relies only on batch statistics of a given mini-batch to provide robustness against label noise. The algorithm does not have any additional hyperparameters for sample selection, does not need any information on noise rates, and does not need access to separate data with clean labels. We empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm on benchmark datasets.      
### 94.Autonomous Driving Implementation in an Experimental Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15274.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems require identifying the environment and it has a long way to go before putting it safely into practice. In autonomous driving systems, the detection of obstacles and traffic lights are of importance as well as lane tracking. In this study, an autonomous driving system is developed and tested in the experimental environment designed for this purpose. In this system, a model vehicle having a camera is used to trace the lanes and avoid obstacles to experimentally study autonomous driving behavior. Convolutional Neural Network models were trained for Lane tracking. For the vehicle to avoid obstacles, corner detection, optical flow, focus of expansion, time to collision, balance calculation, and decision mechanism were created, respectively.      
### 95.Do Not Deceive Your Employer with a Virtual Background: A Video Conferencing Manipulation-Detection System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15130.pdf)
>  The last-generation video conferencing software allows users to utilize a virtual background to conceal their personal environment due to privacy concerns, especially in official meetings with other employers. On the other hand, users maybe want to fool people in the meeting by considering the virtual background to conceal where they are. In this case, developing tools to understand the virtual background utilize for fooling people in meeting plays an important role. Besides, such detectors must prove robust against different kinds of attacks since a malicious user can fool the detector by applying a set of adversarial editing steps on the video to conceal any revealing footprint. In this paper, we study the feasibility of an efficient tool to detect whether a videoconferencing user background is real. In particular, we provide the first tool which computes pixel co-occurrences matrices and uses them to search for inconsistencies among spectral and spatial bands. Our experiments confirm that cross co-occurrences matrices improve the robustness of the detector against different kinds of attacks. This work's performance is especially noteworthy with regard to color SPAM features. Moreover, the performance especially is significant with regard to robustness versus post-processing, like geometric transformations, filtering, contrast enhancement, and JPEG compression with different quality factors.      
### 96.IREM: High-Resolution Magnetic Resonance (MR) Image Reconstruction via Implicit Neural Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15097.pdf)
>  For collecting high-quality high-resolution (HR) MR image, we propose a novel image reconstruction network named IREM, which is trained on multiple low-resolution (LR) MR images and achieve an arbitrary up-sampling rate for HR image reconstruction. In this work, we suppose the desired HR image as an implicit continuous function of the 3D image spatial coordinate and the thick-slice LR images as several sparse discrete samplings of this function. Then the super-resolution (SR) task is to learn the continuous volumetric function from a limited observations using an fully-connected neural network combined with Fourier feature positional encoding. By simply minimizing the error between the network prediction and the acquired LR image intensity across each imaging plane, IREM is trained to represent a continuous model of the observed tissue anatomy. Experimental results indicate that IREM succeeds in representing high frequency image feature, and in real scene data collection, IREM reduces scan time and achieves high-quality high-resolution MR imaging in terms of SNR and local image detail.      
### 97.ElephantBook: A Semi-Automated Human-in-the-Loop System for Elephant Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15083.pdf)
>  African elephants are vital to their ecosystems, but their populations are threatened by a rise in human-elephant conflict and poaching. Monitoring population dynamics is essential in conservation efforts; however, tracking elephants is a difficult task, usually relying on the invasive and sometimes dangerous placement of GPS collars. Although there have been many recent successes in the use of computer vision techniques for automated identification of other species, identification of elephants is extremely difficult and typically requires expertise as well as familiarity with elephants in the population. We have built and deployed a web-based platform and database for human-in-the-loop re-identification of elephants combining manual attribute labeling and state-of-the-art computer vision algorithms, known as ElephantBook. Our system is currently in use at the Mara Elephant Project, helping monitor the protected and at-risk population of elephants in the Greater Maasai Mara ecosystem. ElephantBook makes elephant re-identification usable by non-experts and scalable for use by multiple conservation NGOs.      
### 98.How to Reach Real-Time AI on Consumer Devices? Solutions for Programmable and Custom Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15021.pdf)
>  The unprecedented performance of deep neural networks (DNNs) has led to large strides in various Artificial Intelligence (AI) inference tasks, such as object and speech recognition. Nevertheless, deploying such AI models across commodity devices faces significant challenges: large computational cost, multiple performance objectives, hardware heterogeneity and a common need for high accuracy, together pose critical problems to the deployment of DNNs across the various embedded and mobile devices in the wild. As such, we have yet to witness the mainstream usage of state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms across consumer devices. In this paper, we provide preliminary answers to this potentially game-changing question by presenting an array of design techniques for efficient AI systems. We start by examining the major roadblocks when targeting both programmable processors and custom accelerators. Then, we present diverse methods for achieving real-time performance following a cross-stack approach. These span model-, system- and hardware-level techniques, and their combination. Our findings provide illustrative examples of AI systems that do not overburden mobile hardware, while also indicating how they can improve inference accuracy. Moreover, we showcase how custom ASIC- and FPGA-based accelerators can be an enabling factor for next-generation AI applications, such as multi-DNN systems. Collectively, these results highlight the critical need for further exploration as to how the various cross-stack solutions can be best combined in order to bring the latest advances in deep learning close to users, in a robust and efficient manner.      
### 99.Constructing Forest Biomass Prediction Maps from Radar Backscatter by Sequential Regression with a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15020.pdf)
>  This paper studies construction of above-ground biomass (AGB) prediction maps from synthetic aperture radar (SAR) intensity images. The purpose is to improve traditional regression models based on SAR intensity, trained with a limited amount of AGB in situ measurements. Although it is costly to collect, data from airborne laser scanning (ALS) sensors are highly correlated with AGB. Therefore, we propose using AGB predictions based on ALS data as surrogate response variables for SAR data in a sequential modelling fashion. This increases the amount of training data dramatically. To model the regression function between SAR intensity and ALS-predicted AGB we propose to utilise a conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN), i.e. the Pix2Pix convolutional neural network. This enables the recreation of existing ALS-based AGB prediction maps. The generated synthesised ALS-based AGB predictions are evaluated qualitatively and quantitatively against ALS-based AGB predictions retrieved from a traditional non-sequential regression model trained in the same area. Results show that the proposed architecture manages to capture characteristics of the actual data. This suggests that the use of ALS-guided generative models is a promising avenue for AGB prediction from SAR intensity. Further research on this area has the potential of providing both large-scale and low-cost predictions of AGB.      
### 100.Data augmentation for deep learning based accelerated MRI reconstruction with limited data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14947.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have emerged as very successful tools for image restoration and reconstruction tasks. These networks are often trained end-to-end to directly reconstruct an image from a noisy or corrupted measurement of that image. To achieve state-of-the-art performance, training on large and diverse sets of images is considered critical. However, it is often difficult and/or expensive to collect large amounts of training images. Inspired by the success of Data Augmentation (DA) for classification problems, in this paper, we propose a pipeline for data augmentation for accelerated MRI reconstruction and study its effectiveness at reducing the required training data in a variety of settings. Our DA pipeline, MRAugment, is specifically designed to utilize the invariances present in medical imaging measurements as naive DA strategies that neglect the physics of the problem fail. Through extensive studies on multiple datasets we demonstrate that in the low-data regime DA prevents overfitting and can match or even surpass the state of the art while using significantly fewer training data, whereas in the high-data regime it has diminishing returns. Furthermore, our findings show that DA can improve the robustness of the model against various shifts in the test distribution.      
### 101.Cosmic-CoNN: A Cosmic Ray Detection Deep-Learning Framework, Dataset, and Toolkit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.14922.pdf)
>  Rejecting cosmic rays (CRs) is essential for scientific interpretation of CCD-captured data, but detecting CRs in single-exposure images has remained challenging. Conventional CR-detection algorithms require tuning multiple parameters experimentally making it hard to automate across different instruments or observation requests. Recent work using deep learning to train CR-detection models has demonstrated promising results. However, instrument-specific models suffer from performance loss on images from ground-based facilities not included in the training data. In this work, we present Cosmic-CoNN, a deep-learning framework designed to produce generic CR-detection models. We build a large, diverse ground-based CR dataset leveraging thousands of images from the Las Cumbres Observatory global telescope network to produce a generic CR-detection model which achieves a 99.91% true-positive detection rate and maintains over 96.40% true-positive rates on unseen data from Gemini GMOS-N/S, with a false-positive rate of 0.01%. Apart from the open-source framework and dataset, we also build a suite of tools including console commands, a web-based application, and Python APIs to make automatic, robust CR detection widely accessible by the community of astronomers.      
