# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 1 Jun 2021
### 1.SegFormer: Simple and Efficient Design for Semantic Segmentation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15203.pdf)
>  We present SegFormer, a simple, efficient yet powerful semantic segmentation framework which unifies Transformers with lightweight multilayer perception (MLP) decoders. SegFormer has two appealing features: 1) SegFormer comprises a novel hierarchically structured Transformer encoder which outputs multiscale features. It does not need positional encoding, thereby avoiding the interpolation of positional codes which leads to decreased performance when the testing resolution differs from training. 2) SegFormer avoids complex decoders. The proposed MLP decoder aggregates information from different layers, and thus combining both local attention and global attention to render powerful representations. We show that this simple and lightweight design is the key to efficient segmentation on Transformers. We scale our approach up to obtain a series of models from SegFormer-B0 to SegFormer-B5, reaching significantly better performance and efficiency than previous counterparts. For example, SegFormer-B4 achieves 50.3% mIoU on ADE20K with 64M parameters, being 5x smaller and 2.2% better than the previous best method. Our best model, SegFormer-B5, achieves 84.0% mIoU on Cityscapes validation set and shows excellent zero-shot robustness on Cityscapes-C. Code will be released at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/NVlabs/SegFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 2.MSG-Transformer: Exchanging Local Spatial Information by Manipulating Messenger Tokens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15168.pdf)
>  Transformers have offered a new methodology of designing neural networks for visual recognition. Compared to convolutional networks, Transformers enjoy the ability of referring to global features at each stage, yet the attention module brings higher computational overhead that obstructs the application of Transformers to process high-resolution visual data. This paper aims to alleviate the conflict between efficiency and flexibility, for which we propose a specialized token for each region that serves as a messenger (MSG). Hence, by manipulating these MSG tokens, one can flexibly exchange visual information across regions and the computational complexity is reduced. We then integrate the MSG token into a multi-scale architecture named MSG-Transformer. In standard image classification and object detection, MSG-Transformer achieves competitive performance and the inference on both GPU and CPU is accelerated. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/MSG-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Adaptive Feature Alignment for Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15157.pdf)
>  Recent studies reveal that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are typically vulnerable to adversarial attacks, which pose a threat to security-sensitive applications. Many adversarial defense methods improve robustness at the cost of accuracy, raising the contradiction between standard and adversarial accuracies. In this paper, we observe an interesting phenomenon that feature statistics change monotonically and smoothly w.r.t the rising of attacking strength. Based on this observation, we propose the adaptive feature alignment (AFA) to generate features of arbitrary attacking strengths. Our method is trained to automatically align features of arbitrary attacking strength. This is done by predicting a fusing weight in a dual-BN architecture. Unlike previous works that need to either retrain the model or manually tune a hyper-parameters for different attacking strengths, our method can deal with arbitrary attacking strengths with a single model without introducing any hyper-parameter. Importantly, our method improves the model robustness against adversarial samples without incurring much loss in standard accuracy. Experiments on CIFAR-10, SVHN, and tiny-ImageNet datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art under a wide range of attacking strengths.      
### 4.Systematic investigation into generalization of COVID-19 CT deep learning models with Gabor ensemble for lung involvement scoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15094.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has inspired unprecedented data collection and computer vision modelling efforts worldwide, focusing on diagnosis and stratification of COVID-19 from medical images. Despite this large-scale research effort, these models have found limited practical application due in part to unproven generalization of these models beyond their source study. This study investigates the generalizability of key published models using the publicly available COVID-19 Computed Tomography data through cross dataset validation. We then assess the predictive ability of these models for COVID-19 severity using an independent new dataset that is stratified for COVID-19 lung involvement. Each inter-dataset study is performed using histogram equalization, and contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization with and without a learning Gabor filter. The study shows high variability in the generalization of models trained on these datasets due to varied sample image provenances and acquisition processes amongst other factors. We show that under certain conditions, an internally consistent dataset can generalize well to an external dataset despite structural differences between these datasets with f1 scores up to 86%. Our best performing model shows high predictive accuracy for lung involvement score for an independent dataset for which expertly labelled lung involvement stratification is available. Creating an ensemble of our best model for disease positive prediction with our best model for disease negative prediction using a min-max function resulted in a superior model for lung involvement prediction with average predictive accuracy of 75% for zero lung involvement and 96% for 75-100% lung involvement with almost linear relationship between these stratifications.      
### 5.Pho(SC)Net: An Approach Towards Zero-shot Word Image Recognition in Historical Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15093.pdf)
>  Annotating words in a historical document image archive for word image recognition purpose demands time and skilled human resource (like historians, paleographers). In a real-life scenario, obtaining sample images for all possible words is also not feasible. However, Zero-shot learning methods could aptly be used to recognize unseen/out-of-lexicon words in such historical document images. Based on previous state-of-the-art methods for word spotting and recognition, we propose a hybrid representation that considers the character's shape appearance to differentiate between two different words and has shown to be more effective in recognizing unseen words. This representation has been termed as Pyramidal Histogram of Shapes (PHOS), derived from PHOC, which embeds information about the occurrence and position of characters in the word. Later, the two representations are combined and experiments were conducted to examine the effectiveness of an embedding that has properties of both PHOS and PHOC. Encouraging results were obtained on two publicly available historical document datasets and one synthetic handwritten dataset, which justifies the efficacy of "Phos" and the combined "Pho(SC)" representation.      
### 6.Analogous to Evolutionary Algorithm: Designing a Unified Sequence Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15089.pdf)
>  Inspired by biological evolution, we explain the rationality of Vision Transformer by analogy with the proven practical Evolutionary Algorithm (EA) and derive that both of them have consistent mathematical representation. Analogous to the dynamic local population in EA, we improve the existing transformer structure and propose a more efficient EAT model, and design task-related heads to deal with different tasks more flexibly. Moreover, we introduce the spatial-filling curve into the current vision transformer to sequence image data into a uniform sequential format. Thus we can design a unified EAT framework to address multi-modal tasks, separating the network architecture from the data format adaptation. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results on the ImageNet classification task compared with recent vision transformer works while having smaller parameters and greater throughput. We further conduct multi-model tasks to demonstrate the superiority of the unified EAT, e.g., Text-Based Image Retrieval, and our approach improves the rank-1 by +3.7 points over the baseline on the CSS dataset.      
### 7.Can Attention Enable MLPs To Catch Up With CNNs?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15078.pdf)
>  In the first week of May, 2021, researchers from four different institutions: Google, Tsinghua University, Oxford University and Facebook, shared their latest work [16, 7, 12, 17] on <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://arXiv.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">arXiv.org</a> almost at the same time, each proposing new learning architectures, consisting mainly of linear layers, claiming them to be comparable, or even superior to convolutional-based models. This sparked immediate discussion and debate in both academic and industrial communities as to whether MLPs are sufficient, many thinking that learning architectures are returning to MLPs. Is this true? In this perspective, we give a brief history of learning architectures, including multilayer perceptrons (MLPs), convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and transformers. We then examine what the four newly proposed architectures have in common. Finally, we give our views on challenges and directions for new learning architectures, hoping to inspire future research.      
### 8.SDNet: mutil-branch for single image deraining using swin  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15077.pdf)
>  Rain streaks degrade the image quality and seriously affect the performance of subsequent computer vision tasks, such as autonomous driving, social security, etc. Therefore, removing rain streaks from a given rainy images is of great significance. Convolutional neural networks(CNN) have been widely used in image deraining tasks, however, the local computational characteristics of convolutional operations limit the development of image deraining tasks. Recently, the popular transformer has global computational features that can further facilitate the development of image deraining tasks. In this paper, we introduce Swin-transformer into the field of image deraining for the first time to study the performance and potential of Swin-transformer in the field of image deraining. Specifically, we improve the basic module of Swin-transformer and design a three-branch model to implement single-image rain removal. The former implements the basic rain pattern feature extraction, while the latter fuses different features to further extract and process the image features. In addition, we employ a jump connection to fuse deep features and shallow features. In terms of experiments, the existing public dataset suffers from image duplication and relatively homogeneous background. So we propose a new dataset Rain3000 to validate our model. Therefore, we propose a new dataset Rain3000 for validating our model. Experimental results on the publicly available datasets Rain100L, Rain100H and our dataset Rain3000 show that our proposed method has performance and inference speed advantages over the current mainstream single-image rain streaks removal models.The source code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/H-tfx/SDNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Large-Scale Spatio-Temporal Person Re-identification: Algorithm and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15076.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) in the scenario with large spatial and temporal spans has not been fully explored. This is partially because that, existing benchmark datasets were mainly collected with limited spatial and temporal ranges, e.g., using videos recorded in a few days by cameras in a specific region of the campus. Such limited spatial and temporal ranges make it hard to simulate the difficulties of person re-ID in real scenarios. In this work, we contribute a novel Large-scale Spatio-Temporal (LaST) person re-ID dataset, including 10,860 identities with more than 224k images. Compared with existing datasets, LaST presents more challenging and high-diversity reID settings, and significantly larger spatial and temporal ranges. For instance, each person can appear in different cities or countries, and in various time slots from daytime to night, and in different seasons from spring to winter. To our best knowledge, LaST is a novel person re-ID dataset with the largest spatiotemporal ranges. Based on LaST, we verified its challenge by conducting a comprehensive performance evaluation of 14 re-ID algorithms. We further propose an easy-to-implement baseline that works well on such challenging re-ID setting. We also verified that models pre-trained on LaST can generalize well on existing datasets with short-term and cloth-changing scenarios. We expect LaST to inspire future works toward more realistic and challenging re-ID tasks. More information about the dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shuxjweb/last.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Not All Images are Worth 16x16 Words: Dynamic Vision Transformers with Adaptive Sequence Length  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15075.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT) have achieved remarkable success in large-scale image recognition. They split every 2D image into a fixed number of patches, each of which is treated as a token. Generally, representing an image with more tokens would lead to higher prediction accuracy, while it also results in drastically increased computational cost. To achieve a decent trade-off between accuracy and speed, the number of tokens is empirically set to 16x16. In this paper, we argue that every image has its own characteristics, and ideally the token number should be conditioned on each individual input. In fact, we have observed that there exist a considerable number of "easy" images which can be accurately predicted with a mere number of 4x4 tokens, while only a small fraction of "hard" ones need a finer representation. Inspired by this phenomenon, we propose a Dynamic Transformer to automatically configure a proper number of tokens for each input image. This is achieved by cascading multiple Transformers with increasing numbers of tokens, which are sequentially activated in an adaptive fashion at test time, i.e., the inference is terminated once a sufficiently confident prediction is produced. We further design efficient feature reuse and relationship reuse mechanisms across different components of the Dynamic Transformer to reduce redundant computations. Extensive empirical results on ImageNet, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms the competitive baselines in terms of both theoretical computational efficiency and practical inference speed.      
### 11.Scorpion detection and classification systems based on computer vision and deep learning for health security purposes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15041.pdf)
>  In this paper, two novel automatic and real-time systems for the detection and classification of two genera of scorpions found in La Plata city (Argentina) were developed using computer vision and deep learning techniques. The object detection technique was implemented with two different methods, YOLO (You Only Look Once) and MobileNet, based on the shape features of the scorpions. High accuracy values of 88% and 91%, and high recall values of 90% and 97%, have been achieved for both models, respectively, which guarantees that they can successfully detect scorpions. In addition, the MobileNet method has been shown to have excellent performance to detect scorpions within an uncontrolled environment and to perform multiple detections. The MobileNet model was also used for image classification in order to successfully distinguish between dangerous scorpion (Tityus) and non-dangerous scorpion (Bothriurus) with the purpose of providing a health security tool. Applications for smartphones were developed, with the advantage of the portability of the systems, which can be used as a help tool for emergency services, or for biological research purposes. The developed systems can be easily scalable to other genera and species of scorpions to extend the region where these applications can be used.      
### 12.ArtGraph: Towards an Artistic Knowledge Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15028.pdf)
>  This paper presents our ongoing work towards ArtGraph: an artistic knowledge graph based on WikiArt and DBpedia. Automatic art analysis has seen an ever-increasing interest from the pattern recognition and computer vision community. However, most of the current work is mainly based solely on digitized artwork images, sometimes supplemented with some metadata and textual comments. A knowledge graph that integrates a rich body of information about artworks, artists, painting schools, etc., in a unified structured framework can provide a valuable resource for more powerful information retrieval and knowledge discovery tools in the artistic domain.      
### 13.MAOMaps: A Photo-Realistic Benchmark For vSLAM and Map Merging Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14994.pdf)
>  Running numerous experiments in simulation is a necessary step before deploying a control system on a real robot. In this paper we introduce a novel benchmark that is aimed at quantitatively evaluating the quality of vision-based simultaneous localization and mapping (vSLAM) and map merging algorithms. The benchmark consists of both a dataset and a set of tools for automatic evaluation. The dataset is photo-realistic and provides both the localization and the map ground truth data. This makes it possible to evaluate not only the localization part of the SLAM pipeline but the mapping part as well. To compare the vSLAM-built maps and the ground-truth ones we introduce a novel way to find correspondences between them that takes the SLAM context into account (as opposed to other approaches like nearest neighbors). The benchmark is ROS-compatable and is open-sourced to the community. <br>The data and the code are available at: \texttt{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/CnnDepth/MAOMaps" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}.      
### 14.Urban Traffic Surveillance (UTS): A fully probabilistic 3D tracking approach based on 2D detections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14993.pdf)
>  Urban Traffic Surveillance (UTS) is a surveillance system based on a monocular and calibrated video camera that detects vehicles in an urban traffic scenario with dense traffic on multiple lanes and vehicles performing sharp turning maneuvers. UTS then tracks the vehicles using a 3D bounding box representation and a physically reasonable 3D motion model relying on an unscented Kalman filter based approach. Since UTS recovers positions, shape and motion information in a three-dimensional world coordinate system, it can be employed to recognize diverse traffic violations or to supply intelligent vehicles with valuable traffic information. We build on YOLOv3 as a detector yielding 2D bounding boxes and class labels for each vehicle. A 2D detector renders our system much more independent to different camera perspectives as a variety of labeled training data is available. This allows for a good generalization while also being more hardware efficient. The task of 3D tracking based on 2D detections is supported by integrating class specific prior knowledge about the vehicle shape. We quantitatively evaluate UTS using self generated synthetic data and ground truth from the CARLA simulator, due to the non-existence of datasets with an urban vehicle surveillance setting and labeled 3D bounding boxes. Additionally, we give a qualitative impression of how UTS performs on real-world data. Our implementation is capable of operating in real time on a reasonably modern workstation. To the best of our knowledge, UTS is to date the only 3D vehicle tracking system in a surveillance scenario (static camera observing moving targets).      
### 15.Non-Convex Tensor Low-Rank Approximation for Infrared Small Target Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14974.pdf)
>  Infrared small target detection plays an important role in many infrared systems. Recently, many infrared small target detection methods have been proposed, in which the lowrank model has been used as a powerful tool. However, most low-rank-based methods assign the same weights for different singular values, which will lead to inaccurate background estimation. Considering that different singular values have different importance and should be treated discriminatively, in this paper, we propose a non-convex tensor low-rank approximation (NTLA) method for infrared small target detection. In our method, NTLA adaptively assigns different weights to different singular values for accurate background estimation. Based on the proposed NTLA, we use the asymmetric spatial-temporal total variation (ASTTV) to thoroughly describe background feature, which can achieve good background estimation and detection in complex scenes. Compared with the traditional total variation approach, ASTTV exploits different smoothness strength for spatial and temporal regularization. We develop an efficient algorithm to find the optimal solution of the proposed model. Compared with some state-of-the-art methods, the proposed method achieve an improvement in different evaluation metrics. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real data demonstrate the proposed method provide a more robust detection in complex situations with low false rates.      
### 16.VidFace: A Full-Transformer Solver for Video FaceHallucination with Unaligned Tiny Snapshots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14954.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the task of hallucinating an authentic high-resolution (HR) human face from multiple low-resolution (LR) video snapshots. We propose a pure transformer-based model, dubbed VidFace, to fully exploit the full-range spatio-temporal information and facial structure cues among multiple thumbnails. Specifically, VidFace handles multiple snapshots all at once and harnesses the spatial and temporal information integrally to explore face alignments across all the frames, thus avoiding accumulating alignment errors. Moreover, we design a recurrent position embedding module to equip our transformer with facial priors, which not only effectively regularises the alignment mechanism but also supplants notorious pre-training. Finally, we curate a new large-scale video face hallucination dataset from the public Voxceleb2 benchmark, which challenges prior arts on tackling unaligned and tiny face snapshots. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first attempt to develop a unified transformer-based solver tailored for video-based face hallucination. Extensive experiments on public video face benchmarks show that the proposed method significantly outperforms the state of the arts.      
### 17.The effectiveness of feature attribution methods and its correlation with automatic evaluation scores  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14944.pdf)
>  Explaining the decisions of an Artificial Intelligence (AI) model is increasingly critical in many real-world, high-stake applications. Hundreds of papers have either proposed new feature attribution methods, discussed or harnessed these tools in their work. However, despite humans being the target end-users, most attribution methods were only evaluated on proxy automatic-evaluation metrics. In this paper, we conduct the first, large-scale user study on 320 lay and 11 expert users to shed light on the effectiveness of state-of-the-art attribution methods in assisting humans in ImageNet classification, Stanford Dogs fine-grained classification, and these two tasks but when the input image contains adversarial perturbations. We found that, in overall, feature attribution is surprisingly not more effective than showing humans nearest training-set examples. On a hard task of fine-grained dog categorization, presenting attribution maps to humans does not help, but instead hurts the performance of human-AI teams compared to AI alone. Importantly, we found automatic attribution-map evaluation measures to correlate poorly with the actual human-AI team performance. Our findings encourage the community to rigorously test their methods on the downstream human-in-the-loop applications and to rethink the existing evaluation metrics.      
### 18.Document Domain Randomization for Deep Learning Document Layout Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14931.pdf)
>  We present document domain randomization (DDR), the first successful transfer of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained only on graphically rendered pseudo-paper pages to real-world document segmentation. DDR renders pseudo-document pages by modeling randomized textual and non-textual contents of interest, with user-defined layout and font styles to support joint learning of fine-grained classes. We demonstrate competitive results using our DDR approach to extract nine document classes from the benchmark CS-150 and papers published in two domains, namely annual meetings of Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) and IEEE Visualization (VIS). We compare DDR to conditions of style mismatch, fewer or more noisy samples that are more easily obtained in the real world. We show that high-fidelity semantic information is not necessary to label semantic classes but style mismatch between train and test can lower model accuracy. Using smaller training samples had a slightly detrimental effect. Finally, network models still achieved high test accuracy when correct labels are diluted towards confusing labels; this behavior hold across several classes.      
### 19.Connecting Language and Vision for Natural Language-Based Vehicle Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14897.pdf)
>  Vehicle search is one basic task for the efficient traffic management in terms of the AI City. Most existing practices focus on the image-based vehicle matching, including vehicle re-identification and vehicle tracking. In this paper, we apply one new modality, i.e., the language description, to search the vehicle of interest and explore the potential of this task in the real-world scenario. The natural language-based vehicle search poses one new challenge of fine-grained understanding of both vision and language modalities. To connect language and vision, we propose to jointly train the state-of-the-art vision models with the transformer-based language model in an end-to-end manner. Except for the network structure design and the training strategy, several optimization objectives are also re-visited in this work. The qualitative and quantitative experiments verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our proposed method has achieved the 1st place on the 5th AI City Challenge, yielding competitive performance 18.69% MRR accuracy on the private test set. We hope this work can pave the way for the future study on using language description effectively and efficiently for real-world vehicle retrieval systems. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShuaiBai623/AIC2021-T5-CLV" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.ACNet: Mask-Aware Attention with Dynamic Context Enhancement for Robust Acne Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14891.pdf)
>  Computer-aided diagnosis has recently received attention for its advantage of low cost and time efficiency. Although deep learning played a major role in the recent success of acne detection, there are still several challenges such as color shift by inconsistent illumination, variation in scales, and high density distribution. To address these problems, we propose an acne detection network which consists of three components, specifically: Composite Feature Refinement, Dynamic Context Enhancement, and Mask-Aware Multi-Attention. First, Composite Feature Refinement integrates semantic information and fine details to enrich feature representation, which mitigates the adverse impact of imbalanced illumination. Then, Dynamic Context Enhancement controls different receptive fields of multi-scale features for context enhancement to handle scale variation. Finally, Mask-Aware Multi-Attention detects densely arranged and small acne by suppressing uninformative regions and highlighting probable acne regions. Experiments are performed on acne image dataset ACNE04 and natural image dataset PASCAL VOC 2007. We demonstrate how our method achieves the state-of-the-art result on ACNE04 and competitive performance with previous state-of-the-art methods on the PASCAL VOC 2007.      
### 21.Learning Free-Form Deformation for 3D Face Reconstruction from In-The-Wild Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14857.pdf)
>  The 3D Morphable Model (3DMM), which is a Principal Component Analysis (PCA) based statistical model that represents a 3D face using linear basis functions, has shown promising results for reconstructing 3D faces from single-view in-the-wild images. However, 3DMM has restricted representation power due to the limited number of 3D scans and the global linear basis. To address the limitations of 3DMM, we propose a straightforward learning-based method that reconstructs a 3D face mesh through Free-Form Deformation (FFD) for the first time. FFD is a geometric modeling method that embeds a reference mesh within a parallelepiped grid and deforms the mesh by moving the sparse control points of the grid. As FFD is based on mathematically defined basis functions, it has no limitation in representation power. Thus, we can recover accurate 3D face meshes by estimating appropriate deviation of control points as deformation parameters. Although both 3DMM and FFD are parametric models, it is difficult to predict the effect of the 3DMM parameters on the face shape, while the deformation parameters of FFD are interpretable in terms of their effect on the final shape of the mesh. This practical advantage of FFD allows the resulting mesh and control points to serve as a good starting point for 3D face modeling, in that ordinary users can fine-tune the mesh by using widely available 3D software tools. Experiments on multiple datasets demonstrate how our method successfully estimates the 3D face geometry and facial expressions from 2D face images, achieving comparable performance to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 22.Demographic Fairness in Biometric Systems: What do the Experts say?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14844.pdf)
>  Algorithmic decision systems have frequently been labelled as "biased", "racist", "sexist", or "unfair" by numerous media outlets, organisations, and researchers. There is an ongoing debate about whether such assessments are justified and whether citizens and policymakers should be concerned. These and other related matters have recently become a hot topic in the context of biometric technologies, which are ubiquitous in personal, commercial, and governmental applications. Biometrics represent an essential component of many surveillance, access control, and operational identity management systems, thus directly or indirectly affecting billions of people all around the world. <br>Recently, the European Association for Biometrics organised an event series with "demographic fairness in biometric systems" as an overarching theme. The events featured presentations by international experts from academic, industry, and governmental organisations and facilitated interactions and discussions between the experts and the audience. Further consultation of experts was undertaken by means of a questionnaire. This work summarises opinions of experts and findings of said events on the topic of demographic fairness in biometric systems including several important aspects such as the developments of evaluation metrics and standards as well as related issues, e.g. the need for transparency and explainability in biometric systems or legal and ethical issues.      
### 23.Bounded logit attention: Learning to explain image classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14824.pdf)
>  Explainable artificial intelligence is the attempt to elucidate the workings of systems too complex to be directly accessible to human cognition through suitable side-information referred to as "explanations". We present a trainable explanation module for convolutional image classifiers we call bounded logit attention (BLA). The BLA module learns to select a subset of the convolutional feature map for each input instance, which then serves as an explanation for the classifier's prediction. BLA overcomes several limitations of the instancewise feature selection method "learning to explain" (L2X) introduced by Chen et al. (2018): 1) BLA scales to real-world sized image classification problems, and 2) BLA offers a canonical way to learn explanations of variable size. Due to its modularity BLA lends itself to transfer learning setups and can also be employed as a post-hoc add-on to trained classifiers. Beyond explainability, BLA may serve as a general purpose method for differentiable approximation of subset selection. In a user study we find that BLA explanations are preferred over explanations generated by the popular (Grad-)CAM method.      
### 24.Scene-aware Generative Network for Human Motion Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14804.pdf)
>  We revisit human motion synthesis, a task useful in various real world applications, in this paper. Whereas a number of methods have been developed previously for this task, they are often limited in two aspects: focusing on the poses while leaving the location movement behind, and ignoring the impact of the environment on the human motion. In this paper, we propose a new framework, with the interaction between the scene and the human motion taken into account. Considering the uncertainty of human motion, we formulate this task as a generative task, whose objective is to generate plausible human motion conditioned on both the scene and the human initial position. This framework factorizes the distribution of human motions into a distribution of movement trajectories conditioned on scenes and that of body pose dynamics conditioned on both scenes and trajectories. We further derive a GAN based learning approach, with discriminators to enforce the compatibility between the human motion and the contextual scene as well as the 3D to 2D projection constraints. We assess the effectiveness of the proposed method on two challenging datasets, which cover both synthetic and real world environments.      
### 25.RED : Looking for Redundancies for Data-Free Structured Compression of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14797.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are ubiquitous in today's computer vision land-scape, despite involving considerable computational costs. The mainstream approaches for runtime acceleration consist in pruning connections (unstructured pruning) or, better, filters (structured pruning), both often requiring data to re-train the model. In this paper, we present RED, a data-free structured, unified approach to tackle structured pruning. First, we propose a novel adaptive hashing of the scalar DNN weight distribution densities to increase the number of identical neurons represented by their weight vectors. Second, we prune the network by merging redundant neurons based on their relative similarities, as defined by their distance. Third, we propose a novel uneven depthwise separation technique to further prune convolutional layers. We demonstrate through a large variety of benchmarks that RED largely outperforms other data-free pruning methods, often reaching performance similar to unconstrained, data-driven methods.      
### 26.Predicting Driver Intention Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14790.pdf)
>  To improve driving safety and avoid car accidents, Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) are given significant attention. Recent studies have focused on predicting driver intention as a key part of these systems. In this study, we proposed new framework in which 4 inputs are employed to anticipate diver maneuver using Brain4Cars dataset and the maneuver prediction is achieved from 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 seconds before the actual action occurs. We evaluated our framework in three scenarios: using only 1) inside view 2) outside view and 3) both inside and outside view. We divided the dataset into training, validation and test sets, also K-fold cross validation is utilized. Compared with state-of-the-art studies, our architecture is faster and achieved higher performance in second and third scenario. Accuracy, precision, recall and f1-score as evaluation metrics were utilized and the result of 82.41%, 82.28%, 82,42% and 82.24% for outside view and 98.90%, 98.96%, 98.90% and 98.88% for both inside and outside view were gained, respectively.      
### 27.SN-Graph: a Minimalist 3D Object Representation for Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14784.pdf)
>  Using deep learning techniques to process 3D objects has achieved many successes. However, few methods focus on the representation of 3D objects, which could be more effective for specific tasks than traditional representations, such as point clouds, voxels, and multi-view images. In this paper, we propose a Sphere Node Graph (SN-Graph) to represent 3D objects. Specifically, we extract a certain number of internal spheres (as nodes) from the signed distance field (SDF), and then establish connections (as edges) among the sphere nodes to construct a graph, which is seamlessly suitable for 3D analysis using graph neural network (GNN). Experiments conducted on the ModelNet40 dataset show that when there are fewer nodes in the graph or the tested objects are rotated arbitrarily, the classification accuracy of SN-Graph is significantly higher than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 28.Learning Inductive Attention Guidance for Partially Supervised Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14773.pdf)
>  Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is the third most common cause of cancer death in the United States. Predicting tumors like PDACs (including both classification and segmentation) from medical images by deep learning is becoming a growing trend, but usually a large number of annotated data are required for training, which is very labor-intensive and time-consuming. In this paper, we consider a partially supervised setting, where cheap image-level annotations are provided for all the training data, and the costly per-voxel annotations are only available for a subset of them. We propose an Inductive Attention Guidance Network (IAG-Net) to jointly learn a global image-level classifier for normal/PDAC classification and a local voxel-level classifier for semi-supervised PDAC segmentation. We instantiate both the global and the local classifiers by multiple instance learning (MIL), where the attention guidance, indicating roughly where the PDAC regions are, is the key to bridging them: For global MIL based normal/PDAC classification, attention serves as a weight for each instance (voxel) during MIL pooling, which eliminates the distraction from the background; For local MIL based semi-supervised PDAC segmentation, the attention guidance is inductive, which not only provides bag-level pseudo-labels to training data without per-voxel annotations for MIL training, but also acts as a proxy of an instance-level classifier. Experimental results show that our IAG-Net boosts PDAC segmentation accuracy by more than 5% compared with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 29.A Protection Method of Trained CNN Model with Secret Key from Unauthorized Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14756.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method for protecting convolutional neural network (CNN) models with a secret key set so that unauthorized users without the correct key set cannot access trained models. The method enables us to protect not only from copyright infringement but also the functionality of a model from unauthorized access without any noticeable overhead. We introduce three block-wise transformations with a secret key set to generate learnable transformed images: pixel shuffling, negative/positive transformation, and FFX encryption. Protected models are trained by using transformed images. The results of experiments with the CIFAR and ImageNet datasets show that the performance of a protected model was close to that of non-protected models when the key set was correct, while the accuracy severely dropped when an incorrect key set was given. The protected model was also demonstrated to be robust against various attacks. Compared with the state-of-the-art model protection with passports, the proposed method does not have any additional layers in the network, and therefore, there is no overhead during training and inference processes.      
### 30.Bio-inspired visual attention for silicon retinas based on spiking neural networks applied to pattern classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14753.pdf)
>  Visual attention can be defined as the behavioral and cognitive process of selectively focusing on a discrete aspect of sensory cues while disregarding other perceivable information. This biological mechanism, more specifically saliency detection, has long been used in multimedia indexing to drive the analysis only on relevant parts of images or videos for further processing. <br>The recent advent of silicon retinas (or event cameras -- sensors that measure pixel-wise changes in brightness and output asynchronous events accordingly) raises the question of how to adapt attention and saliency to the unconventional type of such sensors' output. Silicon retina aims to reproduce the biological retina behaviour. In that respect, they produce punctual events in time that can be construed as neural spikes and interpreted as such by a neural network. <br>In particular, Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) represent an asynchronous type of artificial neural network closer to biology than traditional artificial networks, mainly because they seek to mimic the dynamics of neural membrane and action potentials over time. SNNs receive and process information in the form of spike trains. Therefore, they make for a suitable candidate for the efficient processing and classification of incoming event patterns measured by silicon retinas. In this paper, we review the biological background behind the attentional mechanism, and introduce a case study of event videos classification with SNNs, using a biology-grounded low-level computational attention mechanism, with interesting preliminary results.      
### 31.A Study On the Effects of Pre-processing On Spatio-temporal Action Recognition Using Spiking Neural Networks Trained with STDP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14740.pdf)
>  There has been an increasing interest in spiking neural networks in recent years. SNNs are seen as hypothetical solutions for the bottlenecks of ANNs in pattern recognition, such as energy efficiency. But current methods such as ANN-to-SNN conversion and back-propagation do not take full advantage of these networks, and unsupervised methods have not yet reached a success comparable to advanced artificial neural networks. It is important to study the behavior of SNNs trained with unsupervised learning methods such as spike-timing dependent plasticity (STDP) on video classification tasks, including mechanisms to model motion information using spikes, as this information is critical for video understanding. This paper presents multiple methods of transposing temporal information into a static format, and then transforming the visual information into spikes using latency coding. These methods are paired with two types of temporal fusion known as early and late fusion, and are used to help the spiking neural network in capturing the spatio-temporal features from videos. In this paper, we rely on the network architecture of a convolutional spiking neural network trained with STDP, and we test the performance of this network when challenged with action recognition tasks. Understanding how a spiking neural network responds to different methods of movement extraction and representation can help reduce the performance gap between SNNs and ANNs. In this paper we show the effect of the similarity in the shape and speed of certain actions on action recognition with spiking neural networks, we also highlight the effectiveness of some methods compared to others.      
### 32.Controllable Person Image Synthesis with Spatially-Adaptive Warped Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14739.pdf)
>  Controllable person image generation aims to produce realistic human images with desirable attributes (e.g., the given pose, cloth textures or hair style). However, the large spatial misalignment between the source and target images makes the standard architectures for image-to-image translation not suitable for this task. Most of the state-of-the-art architectures avoid the alignment step during the generation, which causes many artifacts, especially for person images with complex textures. To solve this problem, we introduce a novel Spatially-Adaptive Warped Normalization (SAWN), which integrates a learned flow-field to warp modulation parameters. This allows us to align person spatial-adaptive styles with pose features efficiently. Moreover, we propose a novel self-training part replacement strategy to refine the pretrained model for the texture-transfer task, significantly improving the quality of the generated cloth and the preservation ability of irrelevant regions. Our experimental results on the widely used DeepFashion dataset demonstrate a significant improvement of the proposed method over the state-of-the-art methods on both pose-transfer and texture-transfer tasks.      
### 33.Semi-orthogonal Embedding for Efficient Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14737.pdf)
>  We present the efficiency of semi-orthogonal embedding for unsupervised anomaly segmentation. The multi-scale features from pre-trained CNNs are recently used for the localized Mahalanobis distances with significant performance. However, the increased feature size is problematic to scale up to the bigger CNNs, since it requires the batch-inverse of multi-dimensional covariance tensor. Here, we generalize an ad-hoc method, random feature selection, into semi-orthogonal embedding for robust approximation, cubically reducing the computational cost for the inverse of multi-dimensional covariance tensor. With the scrutiny of ablation studies, the proposed method achieves a new state-of-the-art with significant margins for the MVTec AD, KolektorSDD, KolektorSDD2, and mSTC datasets. The theoretical and empirical analyses offer insights and verification of our straightforward yet cost-effective approach.      
### 34.Dual-stream Network for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14734.pdf)
>  Transformers with remarkable global representation capacities achieve competitive results for visual tasks, but fail to consider high-level local pattern information in input images. In this paper, we present a generic Dual-stream Network (DS-Net) to fully explore the representation capacity of local and global pattern features for image classification. Our DS-Net can simultaneously calculate fine-grained and integrated features and efficiently fuse them. Specifically, we propose an Intra-scale Propagation module to process two different resolutions in each block and an Inter-Scale Alignment module to perform information interaction across features at dual scales. Besides, we also design a Dual-stream FPN (DS-FPN) to further enhance contextual information for downstream dense predictions. Without bells and whistles, the propsed DS-Net outperforms Deit-Small by 2.4% in terms of top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1k and achieves state-of-the-art performance over other Vision Transformers and ResNets. For object detection and instance segmentation, DS-Net-Small respectively outperforms ResNet-50 by 6.4% and 5.5 % in terms of mAP on MSCOCO 2017, and surpasses the previous state-of-the-art scheme, which significantly demonstrates its potential to be a general backbone in vision tasks. The code will be released soon.      
### 35.Transferable Sparse Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14727.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have shown their vulnerability to adversarial attacks. In this paper, we focus on sparse adversarial attack based on the $\ell_0$ norm constraint, which can succeed by only modifying a few pixels of an image. Despite a high attack success rate, prior sparse attack methods achieve a low transferability under the black-box protocol due to overfitting the target model. Therefore, we introduce a generator architecture to alleviate the overfitting issue and thus efficiently craft transferable sparse adversarial examples. Specifically, the generator decouples the sparse perturbation into amplitude and position components. We carefully design a random quantization operator to optimize these two components jointly in an end-to-end way. The experiment shows that our method has improved the transferability by a large margin under a similar sparsity setting compared with state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, our method achieves superior inference speed, 700$\times$ faster than other optimization-based methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shaguopohuaizhe/TSAA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.1$\times$N Block Pattern for Network Sparsity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14713.pdf)
>  Though network sparsity emerges as a promising direction to overcome the drastically increasing size of neural networks, it remains an open problem to concurrently maintain model accuracy as well as achieve significant speedups on general CPUs. In this paper, we propose one novel concept of $1\times N$ block sparsity pattern (block pruning) to break this limitation. In particular, consecutive $N$ output kernels with the same input channel index are grouped into one block, which serves as a basic pruning granularity of our pruning pattern. Our $1 \times N$ sparsity pattern prunes these blocks considered unimportant. We also provide a workflow of filter rearrangement that first rearranges the weight matrix in the output channel dimension to derive more influential blocks for accuracy improvements, and then applies similar rearrangement to the next-layer weights in the input channel dimension to ensure correct convolutional operations. Moreover, the output computation after our $1 \times N$ block sparsity can be realized via a parallelized block-wise vectorized operation, leading to significant speedups on general CPUs-based platforms. The efficacy of our pruning pattern is proved with experiments on ILSVRC-2012. For example, in the case of 50% sparsity and $N=4$, our pattern obtains about 3.0% improvements over filter pruning in the top-1 accuracy of MobileNet-V2. Meanwhile, it obtains 56.04ms inference savings on Cortex-A7 CPU over weight pruning. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lmbxmu/1xN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Training Domain-invariant Object Detector Faster with Feature Replay and Slow Learner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14693.pdf)
>  In deep learning-based object detection on remote sensing domain, nuisance factors, which affect observed variables while not affecting predictor variables, often matters because they cause domain changes. Previously, nuisance disentangled feature transformation (NDFT) was proposed to build domain-invariant feature extractor with with knowledge of nuisance factors. However, NDFT requires enormous time in a training phase, so it has been impractical. In this paper, we introduce our proposed method, A-NDFT, which is an improvement to NDFT. A-NDFT utilizes two acceleration techniques, feature replay and slow learner. Consequently, on a large-scale UAVDT benchmark, it is shown that our framework can reduce the training time of NDFT from 31 hours to 3 hours while still maintaining the performance. The code will be made publicly available online.      
### 38.Long-term Person Re-identification: A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14685.pdf)
>  Existing person re-identification (Re-ID) works mostly consider a short-term search problem assuming unchanged clothes and personal appearance. However, in realworld we often dress ourselves differently across locations, time, dates, seasons, weather, and events. As a result, the existing methods are unsuitable for long-term person Re-ID with clothes change involved. Whilst there are several recent longterm Re-ID attempts, a large realistic dataset with clothes change is lacking and indispensable for enabling extensive study as already experienced in short-term Re-ID setting. In this work, we contribute timely a large, realistic long-term person re-identification benchmark. It consists of 171K bounding boxes from 1.1K person identities, collected and constructed over a course of 12 months. Unique characteristics of this dataset include: (1) Natural/native personal appearance (e.g., clothes and hair style) variations: The degrees of clothes-change and dressing styles all are highly diverse, with the reappearing gap in time ranging from minutes, hours, and days to weeks, months, seasons, and years. (2) Diverse walks of life: Persons across a wide range of ages and professions appear in different weather conditions (e.g., sunny, cloudy, windy, rainy, snowy, extremely cold) and events (e.g., working, leisure, daily activities). (3) Rich camera setups: The raw videos were recorded by 17 outdoor security cameras with various resolutions operating in a real-world surveillance system for a wide and dense block. (4) Largest scale: It covers the largest number of (17) cameras, (1082) identities, and (171K) bounding boxes, as compared to alternative datasets.      
### 39.Know Your Surroundings: Panoramic Multi-Object Tracking by Multimodality Collaboration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14683.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the multi-object tracking (MOT) problem of automatic driving and robot navigation. Most existing MOT methods track multiple objects using a singular RGB camera, which are prone to camera field-of-view and suffer tracking failures in complex scenarios due to background clutters and poor light conditions. To meet these challenges, we propose a MultiModality PAnoramic multi-object Tracking framework (MMPAT), which takes both 2D panorama images and 3D point clouds as input and then infers target trajectories using the multimodality data. The proposed method contains four major modules, a panorama image detection module, a multimodality data fusion module, a data association module and a trajectory inference model. We evaluate the proposed method on the JRDB dataset, where the MMPAT achieves the top performance in both the detection and tracking tasks and significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin (15.7 and 8.5 improvement in terms of AP and MOTA, respectively).      
### 40.Image-to-Video Generation via 3D Facial Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14678.pdf)
>  We present a versatile model, FaceAnime, for various video generation tasks from still images. Video generation from a single face image is an interesting problem and usually tackled by utilizing Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to integrate information from the input face image and a sequence of sparse facial landmarks. However, the generated face images usually suffer from quality loss, image distortion, identity change, and expression mismatching due to the weak representation capacity of the facial landmarks. In this paper, we propose to "imagine" a face video from a single face image according to the reconstructed 3D face dynamics, aiming to generate a realistic and identity-preserving face video, with precisely predicted pose and facial expression. The 3D dynamics reveal changes of the facial expression and motion, and can serve as a strong prior knowledge for guiding highly realistic face video generation. In particular, we explore face video prediction and exploit a well-designed 3D dynamic prediction network to predict a 3D dynamic sequence for a single face image. The 3D dynamics are then further rendered by the sparse texture mapping algorithm to recover structural details and sparse textures for generating face frames. Our model is versatile for various AR/VR and entertainment applications, such as face video retargeting and face video prediction. Superior experimental results have well demonstrated its effectiveness in generating high-fidelity, identity-preserving, and visually pleasant face video clips from a single source face image.      
### 41.DAAIN: Detection of Anomalous and Adversarial Input using Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14638.pdf)
>  Despite much recent work, detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) inputs and adversarial attacks (AA) for computer vision models remains a challenge. In this work, we introduce a novel technique, DAAIN, to detect OOD inputs and AA for image segmentation in a unified setting. Our approach monitors the inner workings of a neural network and learns a density estimator of the activation distribution. We equip the density estimator with a classification head to discriminate between regular and anomalous inputs. To deal with the high-dimensional activation-space of typical segmentation networks, we subsample them to obtain a homogeneous spatial and layer-wise coverage. The subsampling pattern is chosen once per monitored model and kept fixed for all inputs. Since the attacker has access to neither the detection model nor the sampling key, it becomes harder for them to attack the segmentation network, as the attack cannot be backpropagated through the detector. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach using an ESPNet trained on the Cityscapes dataset as segmentation model, an affine Normalizing Flow as density estimator and use blue noise to ensure homogeneous sampling. Our model can be trained on a single GPU making it compute efficient and deployable without requiring specialized accelerators.      
### 42.Non-local Patch-based Low-rank Tensor Ring Completion for Visual Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14620.pdf)
>  Tensor completion is the problem of estimating the missing entries of a partially observed tensor with a certain low-rank structure. It improves on matrix completion for image and video data by capturing additional structural information intrinsic to such data. % With more inherent information involving in tensor structure than matrix, tensor completion has shown better performance compared with matrix completion especially in image and video data. Traditional completion algorithms treat the entire visual data as a tensor, which may not always work well especially when camera or object motion exists. In this paper, we develop a novel non-local patch-based tensor ring completion algorithm. In the proposed approach, similar patches are extracted for each reference patch along both the spatial and temporal domains of the visual data. The collected patches are then formed into a high-order tensor and a tensor ring completion algorithm is proposed to recover the completed tensor. A novel interval sampling-based block matching (ISBM) strategy and a hybrid completion strategy are also proposed to improve efficiency and accuracy. Further, we develop an online patch-based completion algorithm to deal with streaming video data. An efficient online tensor ring completion algorithm is proposed to reduce the time cost. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 43.Identity and Attribute Preserving Thumbnail Upscaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14609.pdf)
>  We consider the task of upscaling a low resolution thumbnail image of a person, to a higher resolution image, which preserves the person's identity and other attributes. Since the thumbnail image is of low resolution, many higher resolution versions exist. Previous approaches produce solutions where the person's identity is not preserved, or biased solutions, such as predominantly Caucasian faces. We address the existing ambiguity by first augmenting the feature extractor to better capture facial identity, facial attributes (such as smiling or not) and race, and second, use this feature extractor to generate high-resolution images which are identity preserving as well as conditioned on race and facial attributes. Our results indicate an improvement in face similarity recognition and lookalike generation as well as in the ability to generate higher resolution images which preserve an input thumbnail identity and whose race and attributes are maintained.      
### 44.Polygonal Point Set Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14584.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel learning-based polygonal point set tracking method. Compared to existing video object segmentation~(VOS) methods that propagate pixel-wise object mask information, we propagate a polygonal point set over frames. <br>Specifically, the set is defined as a subset of points in the target contour, and our goal is to track corresponding points on the target contour. Those outputs enable us to apply various visual effects such as motion tracking, part deformation, and texture mapping. To this end, we propose a new method to track the corresponding points between frames by the global-local alignment with delicately designed losses and regularization terms. We also introduce a novel learning strategy using synthetic and VOS datasets that makes it possible to tackle the problem without developing the point correspondence dataset. Since the existing datasets are not suitable to validate our method, we build a new polygonal point set tracking dataset and demonstrate the superior performance of our method over the baselines and existing contour-based VOS methods. In addition, we present visual-effects applications of our method on part distortion and text mapping.      
### 45.StyTr^2: Unbiased Image Style Transfer with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14576.pdf)
>  The goal of image style transfer is to render an image with artistic features guided by a style reference while maintaining the original content. Due to the locality and spatial invariance in CNNs, it is difficult to extract and maintain the global information of input images. Therefore, traditional neural style transfer methods are usually biased and content leak can be observed by running several times of the style transfer process with the same reference style image. To address this critical issue, we take long-range dependencies of input images into account for unbiased style transfer by proposing a transformer-based approach, namely StyTr^2. In contrast with visual transformers for other vision tasks, our StyTr^2 contains two different transformer encoders to generate domain-specific sequences for content and style, respectively. Following the encoders, a multi-layer transformer decoder is adopted to stylize the content sequence according to the style sequence. In addition, we analyze the deficiency of existing positional encoding methods and propose the content-aware positional encoding (CAPE) which is scale-invariant and more suitable for image style transfer task. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed StyTr^2 compared to state-of-the-art CNN-based and flow-based approaches.      
### 46.Multiscale IoU: A Metric for Evaluation of Salient Object Detection with Fine Structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14572.pdf)
>  General-purpose object-detection algorithms often dismiss the fine structure of detected objects. This can be traced back to how their proposed regions are evaluated. Our goal is to renegotiate the trade-off between the generality of these algorithms and their coarse detections. In this work, we present a new metric that is a marriage of a popular evaluation metric, namely Intersection over Union (IoU), and a geometrical concept, called fractal dimension. We propose Multiscale IoU (MIoU) which allows comparison between the detected and ground-truth regions at multiple resolution levels. Through several reproducible examples, we show that MIoU is indeed sensitive to the fine boundary structures which are completely overlooked by IoU and f1-score. We further examine the overall reliability of MIoU by comparing its distribution with that of IoU on synthetic and real-world datasets of objects. We intend this work to re-initiate exploration of new evaluation methods for object-detection algorithms.      
### 47.Attention Based Semantic Segmentation on UAV Dataset for Natural Disaster Damage Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14540.pdf)
>  The detrimental impacts of climate change include stronger and more destructive hurricanes happening all over the world. Identifying different damaged structures of an area including buildings and roads are vital since it helps the rescue team to plan their efforts to minimize the damage by a natural disaster. Semantic segmentation helps to identify different parts of an image. We implement a novel self-attention based semantic segmentation model on a high resolution UAV dataset and attain Mean IoU score of around88%on the test set. The result inspires to use self-attention schemes in natural disaster damage assessment which will save human lives and reduce economic losses.      
### 48.Longer Version for "Deep Context-Encoding Network for Retinal Image Captioning"  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14538.pdf)
>  Automatically generating medical reports for retinal images is one of the promising ways to help ophthalmologists reduce their workload and improve work efficiency. In this work, we propose a new context-driven encoding network to automatically generate medical reports for retinal images. The proposed model is mainly composed of a multi-modal input encoder and a fused-feature decoder. Our experimental results show that our proposed method is capable of effectively leveraging the interactive information between the input image and context, i.e., keywords in our case. The proposed method creates more accurate and meaningful reports for retinal images than baseline models and achieves state-of-the-art performance. This performance is shown in several commonly used metrics for the medical report generation task: BLEU-avg (+16%), CIDEr (+10.2%), and ROUGE (+8.6%).      
### 49.Unsupervised Joint Learning of Depth, Optical Flow, Ego-motion from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14520.pdf)
>  Estimating geometric elements such as depth, camera motion, and optical flow from images is an important part of the robot's visual perception. We use a joint self-supervised method to estimate the three geometric elements. Depth network, optical flow network and camera motion network are independent of each other but are jointly optimized during training phase. Compared with independent training, joint training can make full use of the geometric relationship between geometric elements and provide dynamic and static information of the scene. In this paper, we improve the joint self-supervision method from three aspects: network structure, dynamic object segmentation, and geometric constraints. In terms of network structure, we apply the attention mechanism to the camera motion network, which helps to take advantage of the similarity of camera movement between frames. And according to attention mechanism in Transformer, we propose a plug-and-play convolutional attention module. In terms of dynamic object, according to the different influences of dynamic objects in the optical flow self-supervised framework and the depth-pose self-supervised framework, we propose a threshold algorithm to detect dynamic regions, and mask that in the loss function respectively. In terms of geometric constraints, we use traditional methods to estimate the fundamental matrix from the corresponding points to constrain the camera motion network. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on the KITTI dataset. Compared with other joint self-supervised methods, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in the estimation of pose and optical flow, and the depth estimation has also achieved competitive results. Code will be available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianfenglihg/Unsupervised_geometry" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.Knowledge Transfer for Few-shot Segmentation of Novel White Matter Tracts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14513.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved stateof-the-art performance for white matter (WM) tract segmentation based on diffusion magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI). These CNNs require a large number of manual delineations of the WM tracts of interest for training, which are generally labor-intensive and costly. The expensive manual delineation can be a particular disadvantage when novel WM tracts, i.e., tracts that have not been included in existing manual delineations, are to be analyzed. To accurately segment novel WM tracts, it is desirable to transfer the knowledge learned about existing WM tracts, so that even with only a few delineations of the novel WM tracts, CNNs can learn adequately for the segmentation. In this paper, we explore the transfer of such knowledge to the segmentation of novel WM tracts in the few-shot setting. Although a classic fine-tuning strategy can be used for the purpose, the information in the last task-specific layer for segmenting existing WM tracts is completely discarded. We hypothesize that the weights of this last layer can bear valuable information for segmenting the novel WM tracts and thus completely discarding the information is not optimal. In particular, we assume that the novel WM tracts can correlate with existing WM tracts and the segmentation of novel WM tracts can be predicted with the logits of existing WM tracts. In this way, better initialization of the last layer than random initialization can be achieved for fine-tuning. Further, we show that a more adaptive use of the knowledge in the last layer for segmenting existing WM tracts can be conveniently achieved by simply inserting a warmup stage before classic fine-tuning. The proposed method was evaluated on a publicly available dMRI dataset, where we demonstrate the benefit of our method for few-shot segmentation of novel WM tracts.      
### 51.Towards Diverse Paragraph Captioning for Untrimmed Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14477.pdf)
>  Video paragraph captioning aims to describe multiple events in untrimmed videos with descriptive paragraphs. Existing approaches mainly solve the problem in two steps: event detection and then event captioning. Such two-step manner makes the quality of generated paragraphs highly dependent on the accuracy of event proposal detection which is already a challenging task. In this paper, we propose a paragraph captioning model which eschews the problematic event detection stage and directly generates paragraphs for untrimmed videos. To describe coherent and diverse events, we propose to enhance the conventional temporal attention with dynamic video memories, which progressively exposes new video features and suppresses over-accessed video contents to control visual focuses of the model. In addition, a diversity-driven training strategy is proposed to improve diversity of paragraph on the language perspective. Considering that untrimmed videos generally contain massive but redundant frames, we further augment the video encoder with keyframe awareness to improve efficiency. Experimental results on the ActivityNet and Charades datasets show that our proposed model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art performance on both accuracy and diversity metrics without using any event boundary annotations. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/syuqings/video-paragraph" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Learning Personal Style from Few Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14457.pdf)
>  A key task in design work is grasping the client's implicit tastes. Designers often do this based on a set of examples from the client. However, recognizing a common pattern among many intertwining variables such as color, texture, and layout and synthesizing them into a composite preference can be challenging. In this paper, we leverage the pattern recognition capability of computational models to aid in this task. We offer a set of principles for computationally learning personal style. The principles are manifested in PseudoClient, a deep learning framework that learns a computational model for personal graphic design style from only a handful of examples. In several experiments, we found that PseudoClient achieves a 79.40% accuracy with only five positive and negative examples, outperforming several alternative methods. Finally, we discuss how PseudoClient can be utilized as a building block to support the development of future design applications.      
### 53.EPSANet: An Efficient Pyramid Split Attention Block on Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14447.pdf)
>  Recently, it has been demonstrated that the performance of a deep convolutional neural network can be effectively improved by embedding an attention module into it. In this work, a novel lightweight and effective attention method named Pyramid Split Attention (PSA) module is proposed. By replacing the 3x3 convolution with the PSA module in the bottleneck blocks of the ResNet, a novel representational block named Efficient Pyramid Split Attention (EPSA) is obtained. The EPSA block can be easily added as a plug-and-play component into a well-established backbone network, and significant improvements on model performance can be achieved. Hence, a simple and efficient backbone architecture named EPSANet is developed in this work by stacking these ResNet-style EPSA blocks. Correspondingly, a stronger multi-scale representation ability can be offered by the proposed EPSANet for various computer vision tasks including but not limited to, image classification, object detection, instance segmentation, etc. Without bells and whistles, the performance of the proposed EPSANet outperforms most of the state-of-the-art channel attention methods. As compared to the SENet-50, the Top-1 accuracy is improved by 1.93 % on ImageNet dataset, a larger margin of +2.7 box AP for object detection and an improvement of +1.7 mask AP for instance segmentation by using the Mask-RCNN on MS-COCO dataset are obtained. Our source code is available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/murufeng/EPSANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Transformer-Based Deep Image Matching for Generalizable Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14432.pdf)
>  Transformers have recently gained increasing attention in computer vision. However, existing studies mostly use Transformers for feature representation learning, e.g. for image classification and dense predictions. In this work, we further investigate the possibility of applying Transformers for image matching and metric learning given pairs of images. We find that the Vision Transformer (ViT) and the vanilla Transformer with decoders are not adequate for image matching due to their lack of image-to-image attention. Thus, we further design two naive solutions, i.e. query-gallery concatenation in ViT, and query-gallery cross-attention in the vanilla Transformer. The latter improves the performance, but it is still limited. This implies that the attention mechanism in Transformers is primarily designed for global feature aggregation, which is not naturally suitable for image matching. Accordingly, we propose a new simplified decoder, which drops the full attention implementation with the softmax weighting, keeping only the query-key similarity computation. Additionally, global max pooling and a multilayer perceptron (MLP) head are applied to decode the matching result. This way, the simplified decoder is computationally more efficient, while at the same time more effective for image matching. The proposed method, called TransMatcher, achieves state-of-the-art performance in generalizable person re-identification, with up to 6.1% and 5.7% performance gains in Rank-1 and mAP, respectively, on several popular datasets. The source code of this study will be made publicly available.      
### 55.Rethinking the constraints of multimodal fusion: case study in Weakly-Supervised Audio-Visual Video Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14430.pdf)
>  For multimodal tasks, a good feature extraction network should extract information as much as possible and ensure that the extracted feature embedding and other modal feature embedding have an excellent mutual understanding. The latter is often more critical in feature fusion than the former. Therefore, selecting the optimal feature extraction network collocation is a very important subproblem in multimodal tasks. Most of the existing studies ignore this problem or adopt an ergodic approach. This problem is modeled as an optimization problem in this paper. A novel method is proposed to convert the optimization problem into an issue of comparative upper bounds by referring to the general practice of extreme value conversion in mathematics. Compared with the traditional method, it reduces the time cost. <br>Meanwhile, aiming at the common problem that the feature similarity and the feature semantic similarity are not aligned in the multimodal time-series problem, we refer to the idea of contrast learning and propose a multimodal time-series contrastive loss(MTSC). <br>Based on the above issues, We demonstrated the feasibility of our approach in the audio-visual video parsing task. Substantial analyses verify that our methods promote the fusion of different modal features.      
### 56.Gaze Estimation using Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14424.pdf)
>  Recent work has proven the effectiveness of transformers in many computer vision tasks. However, the performance of transformers in gaze estimation is still unexplored. In this paper, we employ transformers and assess their effectiveness for gaze estimation. We consider two forms of vision transformer which are pure transformers and hybrid transformers. We first follow the popular ViT and employ a pure transformer to estimate gaze from images. On the other hand, we preserve the convolutional layers and integrate CNNs as well as transformers. The transformer serves as a component to complement CNNs. We compare the performance of the two transformers in gaze estimation. The Hybrid transformer significantly outperforms the pure transformer in all evaluation datasets with less parameters. We further conduct experiments to assess the effectiveness of the hybrid transformer and explore the advantage of self-attention mechanism. Experiments show the hybrid transformer can achieve state-of-the-art performance in all benchmarks with <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://pre-training.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> facilitate further research, we release codes and models in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yihuacheng/GazeTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.VersatileGait: A Large-Scale Synthetic Gait Dataset Towards in-the-Wild Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14421.pdf)
>  Gait recognition has a rapid development in recent years. However, gait recognition in the wild is not well explored yet. An obvious reason could be ascribed to the lack of diverse training data from the perspective of intrinsic and extrinsic factors. To remedy this problem, we propose to construct a large-scale gait dataset with the help of controllable computer simulation. In detail, to diversify the intrinsic factors of gait, we generate numerous characters with diverse attributes and empower them with various types of walking styles. To diversify the extrinsic factors of gait, we build a complicated scene with a dense camera layout. Finally, we design an automated generation toolkit under Unity3D for simulating the walking scenario and capturing the gait data automatically. As a result, we obtain an in-the-wild gait dataset, called VersatileGait, which has more than one million silhouette sequences of 10,000 subjects with diverse scenarios. VersatileGait possesses several nice properties, including huge dataset size, diverse pedestrian attributes, complicated camera layout, high-quality annotations, small domain gap with the real one, good scalability for new demands, and no privacy issues. Based on VersatileGait, we propose series of experiments and applications for both research exploration of gait in the wild and practical applications. Our dataset and its corresponding generation toolkit will be publicly available for further studies.      
### 58.Data-driven 6D Pose Tracking by Calibrating Image Residuals in Synthetic Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14391.pdf)
>  Tracking the 6D pose of objects in video sequences is important for robot manipulation. This work presents se(3)-TrackNet, a data-driven optimization approach for long term, 6D pose tracking. It aims to identify the optimal relative pose given the current RGB-D observation and a synthetic image conditioned on the previous best estimate and the object's model. The key contribution in this context is a novel neural network architecture, which appropriately disentangles the feature encoding to help reduce domain shift, and an effective 3D orientation representation via Lie Algebra. Consequently, even when the network is trained solely with synthetic data can work effectively over real images. Comprehensive experiments over multiple benchmarks show se(3)-TrackNet achieves consistently robust estimates and outperforms alternatives, even though they have been trained with real images. The approach runs in real time at 90.9Hz. Code, data and supplementary video for this project are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wenbowen123/iros20-6d-pose-tracking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 59.Beyond the Spectrum: Detecting Deepfakes via Re-Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14376.pdf)
>  The rapid advances in deep generative models over the past years have led to highly {realistic media, known as deepfakes,} that are commonly indistinguishable from real to human eyes. These advances make assessing the authenticity of visual data increasingly difficult and pose a misinformation threat to the trustworthiness of visual content in general. Although recent work has shown strong detection accuracy of such deepfakes, the success largely relies on identifying frequency artifacts in the generated images, which will not yield a sustainable detection approach as generative models continue evolving and closing the gap to real images. In order to overcome this issue, we propose a novel fake detection that is designed to re-synthesize testing images and extract visual cues for detection. The re-synthesis procedure is flexible, allowing us to incorporate a series of visual tasks - we adopt super-resolution, denoising and colorization as the re-synthesis. We demonstrate the improved effectiveness, cross-GAN generalization, and robustness against perturbations of our approach in a variety of detection scenarios involving multiple generators over CelebA-HQ, FFHQ, and LSUN datasets. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SSAW14/BeyondtheSpectrum" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.BAAI-VANJEE Roadside Dataset: Towards the Connected Automated Vehicle Highway technologies in Challenging Environments of China  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14370.pdf)
>  As the roadside perception plays an increasingly significant role in the Connected Automated Vehicle Highway(CAVH) technologies, there are immediate needs of challenging real-world roadside datasets for bench marking and training various computer vision tasks such as 2D/3D object detection and multi-sensor fusion. In this paper, we firstly introduce a challenging BAAI-VANJEE roadside dataset which consist of LiDAR data and RGB images collected by VANJEE smart base station placed on the roadside about 4.5m high. This dataset contains 2500 frames of LiDAR data, 5000 frames of RGB images, including 20% collected at the same time. It also contains 12 classes of objects, 74K 3D object annotations and 105K 2D object annotations. By providing a real complex urban intersections and highway scenes, we expect the BAAI-VANJEE roadside dataset will actively assist the academic and industrial circles to accelerate the innovation research and achievement transformation in the field of intelligent transportation in big data era.      
### 61.Three-dimensional multimodal medical imaging system based on free-hand ultrasound and structured light  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14355.pdf)
>  We propose a three-dimensional (3D) multimodal medical imaging system that combines freehand ultrasound and structured light 3D reconstruction in a single coordinate system without requiring registration. To the best of our knowledge, these techniques have not been combined before as a multimodal imaging technique. The system complements the internal 3D information acquired with ultrasound, with the external surface measured with the structure light technique. Moreover, the ultrasound probe's optical tracking for pose estimation was implemented based on a convolutional neural network. Experimental results show the system's high accuracy and reproducibility, as well as its potential for preoperative and intraoperative applications. The experimental multimodal error, or the distance from two surfaces obtained with different modalities, was 0.12 mm. The code is available as a Github repository.      
### 62.Foveal-pit inspired filtering of DVS spike response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14331.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present results of processing Dynamic Vision Sensor (DVS) recordings of visual patterns with a retinal model based on foveal-pit inspired Difference of Gaussian (DoG) filters. A DVS sensor was stimulated with varying number of vertical white and black bars of different spatial frequencies moving horizontally at a constant velocity. The output spikes generated by the DVS sensor were applied as input to a set of DoG filters inspired by the receptive field structure of the primate visual pathway. In particular, these filters mimic the receptive fields of the midget and parasol ganglion cells (spiking neurons of the retina) that sub-serve the photo-receptors of the foveal-pit. The features extracted with the foveal-pit model are used for further classification using a spiking convolutional neural network trained with a backpropagation variant adapted for spiking neural networks.      
### 63.A Spectral-Spatial-Dependent Global Learning Framework for Insufficient and Imbalanced Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14327.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have been widely applied to hyperspectral image (HSI) classification and have achieved great success. However, the deep neural network model has a large parameter space and requires a large number of labeled data. Deep learning methods for HSI classification usually follow a patchwise learning framework. Recently, a fast patch-free global learning (FPGA) architecture was proposed for HSI classification according to global spatial context information. However, FPGA has difficulty extracting the most discriminative features when the sample data is imbalanced. In this paper, a spectral-spatial dependent global learning (SSDGL) framework based on global convolutional long short-term memory (GCL) and global joint attention mechanism (GJAM) is proposed for insufficient and imbalanced HSI classification. In SSDGL, the hierarchically balanced (H-B) sampling strategy and the weighted softmax loss are proposed to address the imbalanced sample problem. To effectively distinguish similar spectral characteristics of land cover types, the GCL module is introduced to extract the long short-term dependency of spectral features. To learn the most discriminative feature representations, the GJAM module is proposed to extract attention areas. The experimental results obtained with three public HSI datasets show that the SSDGL has powerful performance in insufficient and imbalanced sample problems and is superior to other state-of-the-art methods. Code can be obtained at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dengweihuan/SSDGL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Implementing a foveal-pit inspired filter in a Spiking Convolutional Neural Network: a preliminary study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14326.pdf)
>  We have presented a Spiking Convolutional Neural Network (SCNN) that incorporates retinal foveal-pit inspired Difference of Gaussian filters and rank-order encoding. The model is trained using a variant of the backpropagation algorithm adapted to work with spiking neurons, as implemented in the Nengo library. We have evaluated the performance of our model on two publicly available datasets - one for digit recognition task, and the other for vehicle recognition task. The network has achieved up to 90% accuracy, where loss is calculated using the cross-entropy function. This is an improvement over around 57% accuracy obtained with the alternate approach of performing the classification without any kind of neural filtering. Overall, our proof-of-concept study indicates that introducing biologically plausible filtering in existing SCNN architecture will work well with noisy input images such as those in our vehicle recognition task. Based on our results, we plan to enhance our SCNN by integrating lateral inhibition-based redundancy reduction prior to rank-ordering, which will further improve the classification accuracy by the network.      
### 65.RPG: Learning Recursive Point Cloud Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14322.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel point cloud generator that is able to reconstruct and generate 3D point clouds composed of semantic parts. Given a latent representation of the target 3D model, the generation starts from a single point and gets expanded recursively to produce the high-resolution point cloud via a sequence of point expansion stages. During the recursive procedure of generation, we not only obtain the coarse-to-fine point clouds for the target 3D model from every expansion stage, but also unsupervisedly discover the semantic segmentation of the target model according to the hierarchical/parent-child relation between the points across expansion stages. Moreover, the expansion modules and other elements used in our recursive generator are mostly sharing weights thus making the overall framework light and efficient. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate that our proposed point cloud generator has comparable or even superior performance on both generation and reconstruction tasks in comparison to various baselines, as well as provides the consistent co-segmentation among 3D instances of the same object class.      
### 66.Automatic CT Segmentation from Bounding Box Annotations using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14314.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation for medical images is important for clinical diagnosis. Existing automatic segmentation methods are mainly based on fully supervised learning and have an extremely high demand for precise annotations, which are very costly and time-consuming to obtain. To address this problem, we proposed an automatic CT segmentation method based on weakly supervised learning, by which one could train an accurate segmentation model only with weak annotations in the form of bounding boxes. The proposed method is composed of two steps: 1) generating pseudo masks with bounding box annotations by k-means clustering, and 2) iteratively training a 3D U-Net convolutional neural network as a segmentation model. Some data pre-processing methods are used to improve performance. The method was validated on four datasets containing three types of organs with a total of 627 CT volumes. For liver, spleen and kidney segmentation, it achieved an accuracy of 95.19%, 92.11%, and 91.45%, respectively. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is accurate, efficient, and suitable for clinical use.      
### 67.LPF: A Language-Prior Feedback Objective Function for De-biased Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14300.pdf)
>  Most existing Visual Question Answering (VQA) systems tend to overly rely on language bias and hence fail to reason from the visual clue. To address this issue, we propose a novel Language-Prior Feedback (LPF) objective function, to re-balance the proportion of each answer's loss value in the total VQA loss. The LPF firstly calculates a modulating factor to determine the language bias using a question-only branch. Then, the LPF assigns a self-adaptive weight to each training sample in the training process. With this reweighting mechanism, the LPF ensures that the total VQA loss can be reshaped to a more balanced form. By this means, the samples that require certain visual information to predict will be efficiently used during training. Our method is simple to implement, model-agnostic, and end-to-end trainable. We conduct extensive experiments and the results show that the LPF (1) brings a significant improvement over various VQA models, (2) achieves competitive performance on the bias-sensitive VQA-CP v2 benchmark.      
### 68.Deep Learning on Monocular Object Pose Detection and Tracking: A Comprehensive Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14291.pdf)
>  Object pose detection and tracking has recently attracted increasing attention due to its wide applications in many areas, such as autonomous driving, robotics, and augmented reality. Among methods for object pose detection and tracking, deep learning is the most promising one that has shown better performance than others. However, there is lack of survey study about latest development of deep learning based methods. Therefore, this paper presents a comprehensive review of recent progress in object pose detection and tracking that belongs to the deep learning technical route. To achieve a more thorough introduction, the scope of this paper is limited to methods taking monocular RGB/RGBD data as input, covering three kinds of major tasks: instance-level monocular object pose detection, category-level monocular object pose detection, and monocular object pose tracking. In our work, metrics, datasets, and methods about both detection and tracking are presented in detail. Comparative results of current state-of-the-art methods on several publicly available datasets are also presented, together with insightful observations and inspiring future research directions.      
### 69.Detecting Backdoor in Deep Neural Networks via Intentional Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14259.pdf)
>  Recent researches show that deep learning model is susceptible to backdoor attacks where the backdoor embedded in the model will be triggered when a backdoor instance arrives. In this paper, a novel backdoor detection method based on adversarial examples is proposed. The proposed method leverages intentional adversarial perturbations to detect whether the image contains a trigger, which can be applied in two scenarios (sanitize the training set in training stage and detect the backdoor instances in inference stage). Specifically, given an untrusted image, the adversarial perturbation is added to the input image intentionally, if the prediction of model on the perturbed image is consistent with that on the unperturbed image, the input image will be considered as a backdoor instance. The proposed adversarial perturbation based method requires low computational resources and maintains the visual quality of the images. Experimental results show that, the proposed defense method reduces the backdoor attack success rates from 99.47%, 99.77% and 97.89% to 0.37%, 0.24% and 0.09% on Fashion-MNIST, CIFAR-10 and GTSRB datasets, respectively. Besides, the proposed method maintains the visual quality of the image as the added perturbation is very small. In addition, for attacks under different settings (trigger transparency, trigger size and trigger pattern), the false acceptance rates of the proposed method are as low as 1.2%, 0.3% and 0.04% on Fashion-MNIST, CIFAR-10 and GTSRB datasets, respectively, which demonstrates that the proposed method can achieve high defense performance against backdoor attacks under different attack settings.      
### 70.Compressed Sensing for Photoacoustic Computed Tomography Using an Untrained Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14255.pdf)
>  Photoacoustic (PA) computed tomography (PACT) shows great potentials in various preclinical and clinical applications. A great number of measurements are the premise that obtains a high-quality image, which implies a low imaging rate or a high system cost. The artifacts or sidelobes could pollute the image if we decrease the number of measured channels or limit the detected view. In this paper, a novel compressed sensing method for PACT using an untrained neural network is proposed, which decreases half number of the measured channels and recoveries enough details. This method uses a neural network to reconstruct without the requirement for any additional learning based on the deep image prior. The model can reconstruct the image only using a few detections with gradient descent. Our method can cooperate with other existing regularization, and further improve the quality. In addition, we introduce a shape prior to easily converge the model to the image. We verify the feasibility of untrained network based compressed sensing in PA image reconstruction, and compare this method with a conventional method using total variation minimization. The experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms 32.72% (SSIM) with the traditional compressed sensing method in the same regularization. It could dramatically reduce the requirement for the number of transducers, by sparsely sampling the raw PA data, and improve the quality of PA image significantly.      
### 71.Cherry-Picking Gradients: Learning Low-Rank Embeddings of Visual Data via Differentiable Cross-Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14250.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end trainable framework that processes large-scale visual data tensors by looking \emph{at a fraction of their entries only}. Our method combines a neural network encoder with a \emph{tensor train decomposition} to learn a low-rank latent encoding, coupled with cross-approximation (CA) to learn the representation through a subset of the original samples. CA is an adaptive sampling algorithm that is native to tensor decompositions and avoids working with the full high-resolution data explicitly. Instead, it actively selects local representative samples that we fetch out-of-core and on-demand. The required number of samples grows only logarithmically with the size of the input. Our implicit representation of the tensor in the network enables processing large grids that could not be otherwise tractable in their uncompressed form. The proposed approach is particularly useful for large-scale multidimensional grid data (e.g., 3D tomography), and for tasks that require context over a large receptive field (e.g., predicting the medical condition of entire organs). The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aelphy/c-pic" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 72.Analysis and Applications of Class-wise Robustness in Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14240.pdf)
>  Adversarial training is one of the most effective approaches to improve model robustness against adversarial examples. However, previous works mainly focus on the overall robustness of the model, and the in-depth analysis on the role of each class involved in adversarial training is still missing. In this paper, we propose to analyze the class-wise robustness in adversarial training. First, we provide a detailed diagnosis of adversarial training on six benchmark datasets, i.e., MNIST, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN, STL-10 and ImageNet. Surprisingly, we find that there are remarkable robustness discrepancies among classes, leading to unbalance/unfair class-wise robustness in the robust models. Furthermore, we keep investigating the relations between classes and find that the unbalanced class-wise robustness is pretty consistent among different attack and defense methods. Moreover, we observe that the stronger attack methods in adversarial learning achieve performance improvement mainly from a more successful attack on the vulnerable classes (i.e., classes with less robustness). Inspired by these interesting findings, we design a simple but effective attack method based on the traditional PGD attack, named Temperature-PGD attack, which proposes to enlarge the robustness disparity among classes with a temperature factor on the confidence distribution of each image. Experiments demonstrate our method can achieve a higher attack rate than the PGD attack. Furthermore, from the defense perspective, we also make some modifications in the training and inference phases to improve the robustness of the most vulnerable class, so as to mitigate the large difference in class-wise robustness. We believe our work can contribute to a more comprehensive understanding of adversarial training as well as rethinking the class-wise properties in robust models.      
### 73.Transforming the Latent Space of StyleGAN for Real Face Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14230.pdf)
>  Despite recent advances in semantic manipulation using StyleGAN, semantic editing of real faces remains challenging. The gap between the $W$ space and the $W$+ space demands an undesirable trade-off between reconstruction quality and editing quality. To solve this problem, we propose to expand the latent space by replacing fully-connected layers in the StyleGAN's mapping network with attention-based transformers. This simple and effective technique integrates the aforementioned two spaces and transforms them into one new latent space called $W$++. Our modified StyleGAN maintains the state-of-the-art generation quality of the original StyleGAN with moderately better diversity. But more importantly, the proposed $W$++ space achieves superior performance in both reconstruction quality and editing quality. Despite these significant advantages, our $W$++ space supports existing inversion algorithms and editing methods with only negligible modifications thanks to its structural similarity with the $W/W$+ space. Extensive experiments on the FFHQ dataset prove that our proposed $W$++ space is evidently more preferable than the previous $W/W$+ space for real face editing. The code is publicly available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AnonSubm2021/TransStyleGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 74.Less is More: Pay Less Attention in Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14217.pdf)
>  Transformers have become one of the dominant architectures in deep learning, particularly as a powerful alternative to convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in computer vision. However, Transformer training and inference in previous works can be prohibitively expensive due to the quadratic complexity of self-attention over a long sequence of representations, especially for high-resolution dense prediction tasks. To this end, we present a novel Less attention vIsion Transformer (LIT), building upon the fact that convolutions, fully-connected (FC) layers, and self-attentions have almost equivalent mathematical expressions for processing image patch sequences. Specifically, we propose a hierarchical Transformer where we use pure multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs) to encode rich local patterns in the early stages while applying self-attention modules to capture longer dependencies in deeper layers. Moreover, we further propose a learned deformable token merging module to adaptively fuse informative patches in a non-uniform manner. The proposed LIT achieves promising performance on image recognition tasks, including image classification, object detection and instance segmentation, serving as a strong backbone for many vision tasks.      
### 75.UFC-BERT: Unifying Multi-Modal Controls for Conditional Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14211.pdf)
>  Conditional image synthesis aims to create an image according to some multi-modal guidance in the forms of textual descriptions, reference images, and image blocks to preserve, as well as their combinations. In this paper, instead of investigating these control signals separately, we propose a new two-stage architecture, UFC-BERT, to unify any number of multi-modal controls. In UFC-BERT, both the diverse control signals and the synthesized image are uniformly represented as a sequence of discrete tokens to be processed by Transformer. Different from existing two-stage autoregressive approaches such as DALL-E and VQGAN, UFC-BERT adopts non-autoregressive generation (NAR) at the second stage to enhance the holistic consistency of the synthesized image, to support preserving specified image blocks, and to improve the synthesis speed. Further, we design a progressive algorithm that iteratively improves the non-autoregressively generated image, with the help of two estimators developed for evaluating the compliance with the controls and evaluating the fidelity of the synthesized image, respectively. Extensive experiments on a newly collected large-scale clothing dataset M2C-Fashion and a facial dataset Multi-Modal CelebA-HQ verify that UFC-BERT can synthesize high-fidelity images that comply with flexible multi-modal controls.      
### 76.Adder Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14202.pdf)
>  Compared with cheap addition operation, multiplication operation is of much higher computation complexity. The widely-used convolutions in deep neural networks are exactly cross-correlation to measure the similarity between input feature and convolution filters, which involves massive multiplications between float values. In this paper, we present adder networks (AdderNets) to trade these massive multiplications in deep neural networks, especially convolutional neural networks (CNNs), for much cheaper additions to reduce computation costs. In AdderNets, we take the $\ell_1$-norm distance between filters and input feature as the output response. The influence of this new similarity measure on the optimization of neural network have been thoroughly analyzed. To achieve a better performance, we develop a special training approach for AdderNets by investigating the $\ell_p$-norm. We then propose an adaptive learning rate strategy to enhance the training procedure of AdderNets according to the magnitude of each neuron's gradient. As a result, the proposed AdderNets can achieve 75.7% Top-1 accuracy 92.3% Top-5 accuracy using ResNet-50 on the ImageNet dataset without any multiplication in convolutional layer. Moreover, we develop a theoretical foundation for AdderNets, by showing that both the single hidden layer AdderNet and the width-bounded deep AdderNet with ReLU activation functions are universal function approximators. These results match those of the traditional neural networks using the more complex multiplication units. An approximation bound for AdderNets with a single hidden layer is also presented.      
### 77.Classifying States of Cooking Objects Using Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14196.pdf)
>  Automated cooking machine is a goal for the future. The main aim is to make the cooking process easier, safer, and create human welfare. To allow robots to accurately perform the cooking activities, it is important for them to understand the cooking environment and recognize the objects, especially correctly identifying the state of the cooking objects. This will significantly improve the correctness of the following cooking recipes. In this project, several parts of the experiment were conducted to design a robust deep convolutional neural network for classifying the state of the cooking objects from scratch. The model is evaluated by using various techniques, such as adjusting architecture layers, tuning key hyperparameters, and using different optimization techniques to maximize the accuracy of state classification.      
### 78.A Survey of Performance Optimization in Neural Network-Based Video Analytics Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14195.pdf)
>  Video analytics systems perform automatic events, movements, and actions recognition in a video and make it possible to execute queries on the video. As a result of a large number of video data that need to be processed, optimizing the performance of video analytics systems has become an important research topic. Neural networks are the state-of-the-art for performing video analytics tasks such as video annotation and object detection. Prior survey papers consider application-specific video analytics techniques that improve accuracy of the results; however, in this survey paper, we provide a review of the techniques that focus on optimizing the performance of Neural Network-Based Video Analytics Systems.      
### 79.Instance Segmentation of Microscopic Foraminifera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14191.pdf)
>  Foraminifera are single-celled marine organisms that construct shells that remain as fossils in the marine sediments. Classifying and counting these fossils are important in e.g. paleo-oceanographic and -climatological research. However, the identification and counting process has been performed manually since the 1800s and is laborious and time-consuming. In this work, we present a deep learning-based instance segmentation model for classifying, detecting, and segmenting microscopic foraminifera. Our model is based on the Mask R-CNN architecture, using model weight parameters that have learned on the COCO detection dataset. We use a fine-tuning approach to adapt the parameters on a novel object detection dataset of more than 7000 microscopic foraminifera and sediment grains. The model achieves a (COCO-style) average precision of $0.78 \pm 0.00$ on the classification and detection task, and $0.80 \pm 0.00$ on the segmentation task. When the model is evaluated without challenging sediment grain images, the average precision for both tasks increases to $0.84 \pm 0.00$ and $0.86 \pm 0.00$, respectively. Prediction results are analyzed both quantitatively and qualitatively and discussed. Based on our findings we propose several directions for future work, and conclude that our proposed model is an important step towards automating the identification and counting of microscopic foraminifera.      
### 80.RaspberryPI for mosquito neutralization by power laser  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14190.pdf)
>  In this article for the first time, comprehensive studies of mosquito neutralization using machine vision and a 1 W power laser are considered. Developed laser installation with Raspberry Pi that changing the direction of the laser with a galvanometer. We developed a program for mosquito tracking in real. The possibility of using deep neural networks, Haar cascades, machine learning for mosquito recognition was considered. We considered in detail the classification problems of mosquitoes in images. A recommendation is given for the implementation of this device based on a microcontroller for subsequent use as part of an unmanned aerial vehicle. Any harmful insects in the fields can be used as objects for control.      
### 81.FCPose: Fully Convolutional Multi-Person Pose Estimation with Dynamic Instance-Aware Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14185.pdf)
>  We propose a fully convolutional multi-person pose estimation framework using dynamic instance-aware convolutions, termed FCPose. Different from existing methods, which often require ROI (Region of Interest) operations and/or grouping post-processing, FCPose eliminates the ROIs and grouping post-processing with dynamic instance-aware keypoint estimation heads. The dynamic keypoint heads are conditioned on each instance (person), and can encode the instance concept in the dynamically-generated weights of their filters. Moreover, with the strong representation capacity of dynamic convolutions, the keypoint heads in FCPose are designed to be very compact, resulting in fast inference and making FCPose have almost constant inference time regardless of the number of persons in the image. For example, on the COCO dataset, a real-time version of FCPose using the DLA-34 backbone infers about 4.5x faster than Mask R-CNN (ResNet-101) (41.67 FPS vs. 9.26FPS) while achieving improved performance. FCPose also offers better speed/accuracy trade-off than other state-of-the-art methods. Our experiment results show that FCPose is a simple yet effective multi-person pose estimation framework. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/AdelaiDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 82.E2ETag: An End-to-End Trainable Method for Generating and Detecting Fiducial Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14184.pdf)
>  Existing fiducial markers solutions are designed for efficient detection and decoding, however, their ability to stand out in natural environments is difficult to infer from relatively limited analysis. Furthermore, worsening performance in challenging image capture scenarios - such as poor exposure, motion blur, and off-axis viewing - sheds light on their limitations. E2ETag introduces an end-to-end trainable method for designing fiducial markers and a complimentary detector. By introducing back-propagatable marker augmentation and superimposition into training, the method learns to generate markers that can be detected and classified in challenging real-world environments using a fully convolutional detector network. Results demonstrate that E2ETag outperforms existing methods in ideal conditions and performs much better in the presence of motion blur, contrast fluctuations, noise, and off-axis viewing angles. Source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jbpeace/E2ETag" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 83.FoveaTer: Foveated Transformer for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14173.pdf)
>  Many animals and humans process the visual field with a varying spatial resolution (foveated vision) and use peripheral processing to make eye movements and point the fovea to acquire high-resolution information about objects of interest. This architecture results in computationally efficient rapid scene exploration. Recent progress in vision Transformers has brought about new alternatives to the traditionally convolution-reliant computer vision systems. However, these models do not explicitly model the foveated properties of the visual system nor the interaction between eye movements and the classification task. We propose foveated Transformer (FoveaTer) model, which uses pooling regions and saccadic movements to perform object classification tasks using a vision Transformer architecture. Our proposed model pools the image features using squared pooling regions, an approximation to the biologically-inspired foveated architecture, and uses the pooled features as an input to a Transformer Network. It decides on the following fixation location based on the attention assigned by the Transformer to various locations from previous and present fixations. The model uses a confidence threshold to stop scene exploration, allowing to dynamically allocate more fixation/computational resources to more challenging images. We construct an ensemble model using our proposed model and unfoveated model, achieving an accuracy 1.36% below the unfoveated model with 22% computational savings. Finally, we demonstrate our model's robustness against adversarial attacks, where it outperforms the unfoveated model.      
### 84.Enhancing Environmental Enforcement with Near Real-Time Monitoring: Likelihood-Based Detection of Structural Expansion of Intensive Livestock Farms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14159.pdf)
>  Environmental enforcement has historically relied on physical, resource-intensive, and infrequent inspections. Advances in remote sensing and computer vision have the potential to augment compliance monitoring, by providing early warning signals of permit violations. We demonstrate a process for rapid identification of significant structural expansion using satellite imagery and focusing on Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs) as a test case. Unpermitted expansion has been a particular challenge with CAFOs, which pose significant health and environmental risks. Using a new hand-labeled dataset of 175,736 images of 1,513 CAFOs, we combine state-of-the-art building segmentation with a likelihood-based change-point detection model to provide a robust signal of building expansion (AUC = 0.80). A major advantage of this approach is that it is able to work with high-cadence (daily to weekly), but lower resolution (3m/pixel), satellite imagery. It is also highly generalizable and thus provides a near real-time monitoring tool to prioritize enforcement resources to other settings where unpermitted construction poses environmental risk, e.g. zoning, habitat modification, or wetland protection.      
### 85.Unsupervised Action Segmentation with Self-supervised Feature Learning and Co-occurrence Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14158.pdf)
>  Temporal action segmentation is a task to classify each frame in the video with an action label. However, it is quite expensive to annotate every frame in a large corpus of videos to construct a comprehensive supervised training dataset. Thus in this work we explore a self-supervised method that operates on a corpus of unlabeled videos and predicts a likely set of temporal segments across the videos. To do this we leverage self-supervised video classification approaches to perform unsupervised feature extraction. On top of these features we develop CAP, a novel co-occurrence action parsing algorithm that can not only capture the correlation among sub-actions underlying the structure of activities, but also estimate the temporal trajectory of the sub-actions in an accurate and general way. We evaluate on both classic datasets (Breakfast, 50Salads) and emerging fine-grained action datasets (FineGym) with more complex activity structures and similar sub-actions. Results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on all three datasets with up to 22\% improvement, and can even outperform some weakly-supervised approaches, demonstrating its effectiveness and generalizability.      
### 86.OpenMatch: Open-set Consistency Regularization for Semi-supervised Learning with Outliers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14148.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) is an effective means to leverage unlabeled data to improve a model's performance. Typical SSL methods like FixMatch assume that labeled and unlabeled data share the same label space. However, in practice, unlabeled data can contain categories unseen in the labeled set, i.e., outliers, which can significantly harm the performance of SSL algorithms. To address this problem, we propose a novel Open-set Semi-Supervised Learning (OSSL) approach called OpenMatch. Learning representations of inliers while rejecting outliers is essential for the success of OSSL. To this end, OpenMatch unifies FixMatch with novelty detection based on one-vs-all (OVA) classifiers. The OVA-classifier outputs the confidence score of a sample being an inlier, providing a threshold to detect outliers. Another key contribution is an open-set soft-consistency regularization loss, which enhances the smoothness of the OVA-classifier with respect to input transformations and greatly improves outlier detection. OpenMatch achieves state-of-the-art performance on three datasets, and even outperforms a fully supervised model in detecting outliers unseen in unlabeled data on CIFAR10.      
### 87.Transformer-Based Source-Free Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14138.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the task of source-free domain adaptation (SFDA), where the source data are not available during target adaptation. Previous works on SFDA mainly focus on aligning the cross-domain distributions. However, they ignore the generalization ability of the pretrained source model, which largely influences the initial target outputs that are vital to the target adaptation stage. To address this, we make the interesting observation that the model accuracy is highly correlated with whether or not attention is focused on the objects in an image. To this end, we propose a generic and effective framework based on Transformer, named TransDA, for learning a generalized model for SFDA. Specifically, we apply the Transformer as the attention module and inject it into a convolutional network. By doing so, the model is encouraged to turn attention towards the object regions, which can effectively improve the model's generalization ability on the target domains. Moreover, a novel self-supervised knowledge distillation approach is proposed to adapt the Transformer with target pseudo-labels, thus further encouraging the network to focus on the object regions. Experiments on three domain adaptation tasks, including closed-set, partial-set, and open-set adaption, demonstrate that TransDA can greatly improve the adaptation accuracy and produce state-of-the-art results. The source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ygjwd12345/TransDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 88.3D U-NetR: Low Dose Computed Tomography Reconstruction via Deep Learning and 3 Dimensional Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14130.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduced a novel deep learning based reconstruction technique using the correlations of all 3 dimensions with each other by taking into account the correlation between 2-dimensional low-dose CT images. Sparse or noisy sinograms are back projected to the image domain with FBP operation, then denoising process is applied with a U-Net like 3 dimensional network called 3D U-NetR. Proposed network is trained with synthetic and real chest CT images, and 2D U-Net is also trained with the same dataset to prove the importance of the 3rd dimension. Proposed network shows better quantitative performance on SSIM and PSNR. More importantly, 3D U-NetR captures medically critical visual details that cannot be visualized by 2D network.      
### 89.About Explicit Variance Minimization: Training Neural Networks for Medical Imaging With Limited Data Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14117.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning methods for computer vision have demonstrated the effectiveness of pre-training feature representations, resulting in well-generalizing Deep Neural Networks, even if the annotated data are limited. However, representation learning techniques require a significant amount of time for model training, with most of it time spent on precise hyper-parameter optimization and selection of augmentation techniques. We hypothesized that if the annotated dataset has enough morphological diversity to capture the general population's as is common in medical imaging, for example, due to conserved similarities of tissue mythologies, the variance error of the trained model is the prevalent component of the Bias-Variance Trade-off. We propose the Variance Aware Training (VAT) method that exploits this property by introducing the variance error into the model loss function, i.e., enabling minimizing the variance explicitly. Additionally, we provide the theoretical formulation and proof of the proposed method to aid in interpreting the approach. Our method requires selecting only one hyper-parameter and was able to match or improve the state-of-the-art performance of self-supervised methods while achieving an order of magnitude reduction in the GPU training time. We validated VAT on three medical imaging datasets from diverse domains and various learning objectives. These included a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) dataset for the heart semantic segmentation (MICCAI 2017 ACDC challenge), fundus photography dataset for ordinary regression of diabetic retinopathy progression (Kaggle 2019 APTOS Blindness Detection challenge), and classification of histopathologic scans of lymph node sections (PatchCamelyon dataset).      
### 90.MixerGAN: An MLP-Based Architecture for Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14110.pdf)
>  While attention-based transformer networks achieve unparalleled success in nearly all language tasks, the large number of tokens coupled with the quadratic activation memory usage makes them prohibitive for visual tasks. As such, while language-to-language translation has been revolutionized by the transformer model, convolutional networks remain the de facto solution for image-to-image translation. The recently proposed MLP-Mixer architecture alleviates some of the speed and memory issues associated with attention-based networks while still retaining the long-range connections that make transformer models desirable. Leveraging this efficient alternative to self-attention, we propose a new unpaired image-to-image translation model called MixerGAN: a simpler MLP-based architecture that considers long-distance relationships between pixels without the need for expensive attention mechanisms. Quantitative and qualitative analysis shows that MixerGAN achieves competitive results when compared to prior convolutional-based methods.      
### 91.More Is Better: An Analysis of Instance Quantity/Quality Trade-off in Rehearsal-based Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14106.pdf)
>  The design of machines and algorithms capable of learning in a dynamically changing environment has become an increasingly topical problem with the increase of the size and heterogeneity of data available to learning systems. As a consequence, the key issue of Continual Learning has become that of addressing the stability-plasticity dilemma of connectionist systems, as they need to adapt their model without forgetting previously acquired knowledge. Within this context, rehearsal-based methods i.e., solutions in where the learner exploits memory to revisit past data, has proven to be very effective, leading to performance at the state-of-the-art. In our study, we propose an analysis of the memory quantity/quality trade-off adopting various data reduction approaches to increase the number of instances storable in memory. In particular, we investigate complex instance compression techniques such as deep encoders, but also trivial approaches such as image resizing and linear dimensionality reduction. Our findings suggest that the optimal trade-off is severely skewed toward instance quantity, where rehearsal approaches with several heavily compressed instances easily outperform state-of-the-art approaches with the same amount of memory at their disposal. Further, in high memory configurations, deep approaches extracting spatial structure combined with extreme resizing (of the order of $8\times8$ images) yield the best results, while in memory-constrained configurations where deep approaches cannot be used due to their memory requirement in training, Extreme Learning Machines (ELM) offer a clear advantage.      
### 92.Augmenting Anchors by the Detector Itself  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14086.pdf)
>  It is difficult to determine the scale and aspect ratio of anchors for anchor-based object detection methods. Current state-of-the-art object detectors either determine anchor parameters according to objects' shape and scale in a dataset, or avoid this problem by utilizing anchor-free method. In this paper, we propose a gradient-free anchor augmentation method named AADI, which means Augmenting Anchors by the Detector Itself. AADI is not an anchor-free method, but it converts the scale and aspect ratio of anchors from a continuous space to a discrete space, which greatly alleviates the problem of anchors' designation. Furthermore, AADI does not add any parameters or hyper-parameters, which is beneficial for future research and downstream tasks. Extensive experiments on COCO dataset show that AADI has obvious advantages for both two-stage and single-stage methods, specifically, AADI achieves at least 2.1 AP improvements on Faster R-CNN and 1.6 AP improvements on RetinaNet, using ResNet-50 model. We hope that this simple and cost-efficient method can be widely used in object detection.      
### 93.On the Bias Against Inductive Biases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14077.pdf)
>  Borrowing from the transformer models that revolutionized the field of natural language processing, self-supervised feature learning for visual tasks has also seen state-of-the-art success using these extremely deep, isotropic networks. However, the typical AI researcher does not have the resources to evaluate, let alone train, a model with several billion parameters and quadratic self-attention activations. To facilitate further research, it is necessary to understand the features of these huge transformer models that can be adequately studied by the typical researcher. One interesting characteristic of these transformer models is that they remove most of the inductive biases present in classical convolutional networks. In this work, we analyze the effect of these and more inductive biases on small to moderately-sized isotropic networks used for unsupervised visual feature learning and show that their removal is not always ideal.      
### 94.TransCamP: Graph Transformer for 6-DoF Camera Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14065.pdf)
>  Camera pose estimation or camera relocalization is the centerpiece in numerous computer vision tasks such as visual odometry, structure from motion (SfM) and SLAM. In this paper we propose a neural network approach with a graph transformer backbone, namely TransCamP, to address the camera relocalization problem. In contrast with prior work where the pose regression is mainly guided by photometric consistency, TransCamP effectively fuses the image features, camera pose information and inter-frame relative camera motions into encoded graph attributes and is trained towards the graph consistency and accuracy instead, yielding significantly higher computational efficiency. By leveraging graph transformer layers with edge features and enabling tensorized adjacency matrix, TransCamP dynamically captures the global attention and thus endows the pose graph with evolving structures to achieve improved robustness and accuracy. In addition, optional temporal transformer layers actively enhance the spatiotemporal inter-frame relation for sequential inputs. Evaluation of the proposed network on various public benchmarks demonstrates that TransCamP outperforms state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 95.Toward Understanding the Feature Learning Process of Self-supervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15134.pdf)
>  How can neural networks trained by contrastive learning extract features from the unlabeled data? Why does contrastive learning usually need much stronger data augmentations than supervised learning to ensure good representations? These questions involve both the optimization and statistical aspects of deep learning, but can hardly be answered by analyzing supervised learning, where the target functions are the highest pursuit. Indeed, in self-supervised learning, it is inevitable to relate to the optimization/generalization of neural networks to how they can encode the latent structures in the data, which we refer to as the \textit{feature learning process}. <br>In this work, we formally study how contrastive learning learns the feature representations for neural networks by analyzing its feature learning process. We consider the case where our data are comprised of two types of features: the more semantically aligned sparse features which we want to learn from, and the other dense features we want to avoid. Theoretically, we prove that contrastive learning using \textbf{ReLU} networks provably learns the desired sparse features if proper augmentations are adopted. We present an underlying principle called \textbf{feature decoupling} to explain the effects of augmentations, where we theoretically characterize how augmentations can reduce the correlations of dense features between positive samples while keeping the correlations of sparse features intact, thereby forcing the neural networks to learn from the self-supervision of sparse features. Empirically, we verified that the feature decoupling principle matches the underlying mechanism of contrastive learning in practice.      
### 96.Dominant Patterns: Critical Features Hidden in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15057.pdf)
>  In this paper, we find the existence of critical features hidden in Deep NeuralNetworks (DNNs), which are imperceptible but can actually dominate the outputof DNNs. We call these features dominant patterns. As the name suggests, for a natural image, if we add the dominant pattern of a DNN to it, the output of this DNN is determined by the dominant pattern instead of the original image, i.e., DNN's prediction is the same with the dominant pattern's. We design an algorithm to find such patterns by pursuing the insensitivity in the feature space. A direct application of the dominant patterns is the Universal Adversarial Perturbations(UAPs). Numerical experiments show that the found dominant patterns defeat state-of-the-art UAP methods, especially in label-free settings. In addition, dominant patterns are proved to have the potential to attack downstream tasks in which DNNs share the same backbone. We claim that DNN-specific dominant patterns reveal some essential properties of a DNN and are of great importance for its feature analysis and robustness enhancement.      
### 97.A remark on a paper of Krotov and Hopfield [<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2008.06996" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.06996">arXiv:2008.06996</a>]  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.15034.pdf)
>  In their recent paper titled "Large Associative Memory Problem in Neurobiology and Machine Learning" [<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2008.06996" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.06996">arXiv:2008.06996</a>] the authors gave a biologically plausible microscopic theory from which one can recover many dense associative memory models discussed in the literature. We show that the layers of the recent "MLP-mixer" [<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2105.01601" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.01601">arXiv:2105.01601</a>] as well as the essentially equivalent model in [<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2105.02723" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.02723">arXiv:2105.02723</a>] are amongst them.      
### 98.Feasibility Assessment of Multitasking in MRI Neuroimaging Analysis: Tissue Segmentation, Cross-Modality Conversion and Bias correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14986.pdf)
>  Neuroimaging is essential in brain studies for the diagnosis and identification of disease, structure, and function of the brain in its healthy and disease states. Literature shows that there are advantages of multitasking with some deep learning (DL) schemes in challenging neuroimaging applications. This study examines the feasibility of using multitasking in three different applications, including tissue segmentation, cross-modality conversion, and bias-field correction. These applications reflect five different scenarios in which multitasking is explored and 280 training and testing sessions conducted for empirical evaluations. Two well-known networks, U-Net as a well-known convolutional neural network architecture, and a closed architecture based on the conditional generative adversarial network are implemented. Different metrics such as the normalized cross-correlation coefficient and Dice scores are used for comparison of methods and results of the different experiments. Statistical analysis is also provided by paired t-test. The present study explores the pros and cons of these methods and their practical impacts on multitasking in different implementation scenarios. This investigation shows that bias correction and cross-modality conversion applications are significantly easier than the segmentation application, and having multitasking with segmentation is not reasonable if one of them is identified as the main target application. However, when the main application is the segmentation of tissues, multitasking with cross-modality conversion is beneficial, especially for the U-net architecture.      
### 99.Boosting the Performance of Video Compression Artifact Reduction with Reference Frame Proposals and Frequency Domain Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14962.pdf)
>  Many deep learning based video compression artifact removal algorithms have been proposed to recover high-quality videos from low-quality compressed videos. Recently, methods were proposed to mine spatiotemporal information via utilizing multiple neighboring frames as reference frames. However, these post-processing methods take advantage of adjacent frames directly, but neglect the information of the video itself, which can be exploited. In this paper, we propose an effective reference frame proposal strategy to boost the performance of the existing multi-frame approaches. Besides, we introduce a loss based on fast Fourier transformation~(FFT) to further improve the effectiveness of restoration. Experimental results show that our method achieves better fidelity and perceptual performance on MFQE 2.0 dataset than the state-of-the-art methods. And our method won Track 1 and Track 2, and was ranked the 2nd in Track 3 of NTIRE 2021 Quality enhancement of heavily compressed videos Challenge.      
### 100.SNIPS: Solving Noisy Inverse Problems Stochastically  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14951.pdf)
>  In this work we introduce a novel stochastic algorithm dubbed SNIPS, which draws samples from the posterior distribution of any linear inverse problem, where the observation is assumed to be contaminated by additive white Gaussian noise. Our solution incorporates ideas from Langevin dynamics and Newton's method, and exploits a pre-trained minimum mean squared error (MMSE) Gaussian denoiser. The proposed approach relies on an intricate derivation of the posterior score function that includes a singular value decomposition (SVD) of the degradation operator, in order to obtain a tractable iterative algorithm for the desired sampling. Due to its stochasticity, the algorithm can produce multiple high perceptual quality samples for the same noisy observation. We demonstrate the abilities of the proposed paradigm for image deblurring, super-resolution, and compressive sensing. We show that the samples produced are sharp, detailed and consistent with the given measurements, and their diversity exposes the inherent uncertainty in the inverse problem being solved.      
### 101.Consistency Regularization for Variational Auto-Encoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14859.pdf)
>  Variational auto-encoders (VAEs) are a powerful approach to unsupervised learning. They enable scalable approximate posterior inference in latent-variable models using variational inference (VI). A VAE posits a variational family parameterized by a deep neural network called an encoder that takes data as input. This encoder is shared across all the observations, which amortizes the cost of inference. However the encoder of a VAE has the undesirable property that it maps a given observation and a semantics-preserving transformation of it to different latent representations. This "inconsistency" of the encoder lowers the quality of the learned representations, especially for downstream tasks, and also negatively affects generalization. In this paper, we propose a regularization method to enforce consistency in VAEs. The idea is to minimize the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between the variational distribution when conditioning on the observation and the variational distribution when conditioning on a random semantic-preserving transformation of this observation. This regularization is applicable to any VAE. In our experiments we apply it to four different VAE variants on several benchmark datasets and found it always improves the quality of the learned representations but also leads to better generalization. In particular, when applied to the Nouveau Variational Auto-Encoder (NVAE), our regularization method yields state-of-the-art performance on MNIST and CIFAR-10. We also applied our method to 3D data and found it learns representations of superior quality as measured by accuracy on a downstream classification task.      
### 102.Refined Deep Neural Network and U-Net for Polyps Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14848.pdf)
>  The Medico: Multimedia Task 2020 focuses on developing an efficient and accurate computer-aided diagnosis system for automatic segmentation [3]. We participate in task 1, Polyps segmentation task, which is to develop algorithms for segmenting polyps on a comprehensive dataset. In this task, we propose methods combining Residual module, Inception module, Adaptive Convolutional neural network with U-Net model, and PraNet for semantic segmentation of various types of polyps in endoscopic images. We select 5 runs with different architecture and parameters in our methods. Our methods show potential results in accuracy and efficiency through multiple experiments, and our team is in the Top 3 best results with a Jaccard index of 0.765.      
### 103.Q-attention: Enabling Efficient Learning for Vision-based Robotic Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14829.pdf)
>  Despite the success of reinforcement learning methods, they have yet to have their breakthrough moment when applied to a broad range of robotic manipulation tasks. This is partly due to the fact that reinforcement learning algorithms are notoriously difficult and time consuming to train, which is exacerbated when training from images rather than full-state inputs. As humans perform manipulation tasks, our eyes closely monitor every step of the process with our gaze focusing sequentially on the objects being manipulated. With this in mind, we present our Attention-driven Robotic Manipulation (ARM) algorithm, which is a general manipulation algorithm that can be applied to a range of sparse-rewarded tasks, given only a small number of demonstrations. ARM splits the complex task of manipulation into a 3 stage pipeline: (1) a Q-attention agent extracts interesting pixel locations from RGB and point cloud inputs, (2) a next-best pose agent that accepts crops from the Q-attention agent and outputs poses, and (3) a control agent that takes the goal pose and outputs joint actions. We show that current learning algorithms fail on a range of RLBench tasks, whilst ARM is successful.      
### 104.Adversarial Training with Rectified Rejection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14785.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) is one of the most effective strategies for promoting model robustness, whereas even the state-of-the-art adversarially trained models struggle to exceed 60% robust test accuracy on CIFAR-10 without additional data, which is far from practical. A natural way to break this accuracy bottleneck is to introduce a rejection option, where confidence is a commonly used certainty proxy. However, the vanilla confidence can overestimate the model certainty if the input is wrongly classified. To this end, we propose to use true confidence (T-Con) (i.e., predicted probability of the true class) as a certainty oracle, and learn to predict T-Con by rectifying confidence. We prove that under mild conditions, a rectified confidence (R-Con) rejector and a confidence rejector can be coupled to distinguish any wrongly classified input from correctly classified ones, even under adaptive attacks. We also quantify that training R-Con to be aligned with T-Con could be an easier task than learning robust classifiers. In our experiments, we evaluate our rectified rejection (RR) module on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-10-C, and CIFAR-100 under several attacks, and demonstrate that the RR module is well compatible with different AT frameworks on improving robustness, with little extra computation.      
### 105.BaMBNet: A Blur-aware Multi-branch Network for Defocus Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14766.pdf)
>  The defocus deblurring raised from the finite aperture size and exposure time is an essential problem in the computational photography. It is very challenging because the blur kernel is spatially varying and difficult to estimate by traditional methods. Due to its great breakthrough in low-level tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been introduced to the defocus deblurring problem and achieved significant progress. However, they apply the same kernel for different regions of the defocus blurred images, thus it is difficult to handle these nonuniform blurred images. To this end, this study designs a novel blur-aware multi-branch network (BaMBNet), in which different regions (with different blur amounts) should be treated differentially. In particular, we estimate the blur amounts of different regions by the internal geometric constraint of the DP data, which measures the defocus disparity between the left and right views. Based on the assumption that different image regions with different blur amounts have different deblurring difficulties, we leverage different networks with different capacities (\emph{i.e.} parameters) to process different image regions. Moreover, we introduce a meta-learning defocus mask generation algorithm to assign each pixel to a proper branch. In this way, we can expect to well maintain the information of the clear regions while recovering the missing details of the blurred regions. Both quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate that our BaMBNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Source code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/junjun-jiang/BaMBNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 106.Low-Dose CT Denoising Using a Structure-Preserving Kernel Prediction Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14758.pdf)
>  Low-dose CT has been a key diagnostic imaging modality to reduce the potential risk of radiation overdose to patient health. Despite recent advances, CNN-based approaches typically apply filters in a spatially invariant way and adopt similar pixel-level losses, which treat all regions of the CT image equally and can be inefficient when fine-grained structures coexist with non-uniformly distributed noises. To address this issue, we propose a Structure-preserving Kernel Prediction Network (StructKPN) that combines the kernel prediction network with a structure-aware loss function that utilizes the pixel gradient statistics and guides the model towards spatially-variant filters that enhance noise removal, prevent over-smoothing and preserve detailed structures for different regions in CT imaging. Extensive experiments demonstrated that our approach achieved superior performance on both synthetic and non-synthetic datasets, and better preserves structures that are highly desired in clinical screening and low-dose protocol optimization.      
### 107.Hierarchical Deep Network with Uncertainty-aware Semi-supervised Learning for Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14732.pdf)
>  The analysis of organ vessels is essential for computer-aided diagnosis and surgical planning. But it is not a easy task since the fine-detailed connected regions of organ vessel bring a lot of ambiguity in vessel segmentation and sub-type recognition, especially for the low-contrast capillary regions. Furthermore, recent two-staged approaches would accumulate and even amplify these inaccuracies from the first-stage whole vessel segmentation into the second-stage sub-type vessel pixel-wise classification. Moreover, the scarcity of manual annotation in organ vessels poses another challenge. In this paper, to address the above issues, we propose a hierarchical deep network where an attention mechanism localizes the low-contrast capillary regions guided by the whole vessels, and enhance the spatial activation in those areas for the sub-type vessels. In addition, we propose an uncertainty-aware semi-supervised training framework to alleviate the annotation-hungry limitation of deep models. The proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in the benchmarks of both retinal artery/vein segmentation in fundus images and liver portal/hepatic vessel segmentation in CT images.      
### 108.CTSpine1K: A Large-Scale Dataset for Spinal Vertebrae Segmentation in Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14711.pdf)
>  Spine-related diseases have high morbidity and cause a huge burden of social cost. Spine imaging is an essential tool for noninvasively visualizing and assessing spinal pathology. Segmenting vertebrae in computed tomography (CT) images is the basis of quantitative medical image analysis for clinical diagnosis and surgery planning of spine diseases. Current publicly available annotated datasets on spinal vertebrae are small in size. Due to the lack of a large-scale annotated spine image dataset, the mainstream deep learning-based segmentation methods, which are data-driven, are heavily restricted. In this paper, we introduce a large-scale spine CT dataset, called CTSpine1K, curated from multiple sources for vertebra segmentation, which contains 1,005 CT volumes with over 11,100 labeled vertebrae belonging to different spinal conditions. Based on this dataset, we conduct several spinal vertebrae segmentation experiments to set the first benchmark. We believe that this large-scale dataset will facilitate further research in many spine-related image analysis tasks, including but not limited to vertebrae segmentation, labeling, 3D spine reconstruction from biplanar radiographs, image super-resolution, and enhancement.      
### 109.Human-level COVID-19 Diagnosis from Low-dose CT Scans Using a Two-stage Time-distributed Capsule Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14656.pdf)
>  Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) is currently the gold standard in COVID-19 diagnosis. It can, however, take days to provide the diagnosis, and false negative rate is relatively high. Imaging, in particular chest computed tomography (CT), can assist with diagnosis and assessment of this disease. Nevertheless, it is shown that standard dose CT scan gives significant radiation burden to patients, especially those in need of multiple scans. In this study, we consider low-dose and ultra-low-dose (LDCT and ULDCT) scan protocols that reduce the radiation exposure close to that of a single X-Ray, while maintaining an acceptable resolution for diagnosis purposes. Since thoracic radiology expertise may not be widely available during the pandemic, we develop an Artificial Intelligence (AI)-based framework using a collected dataset of LDCT/ULDCT scans, to study the hypothesis that the AI model can provide human-level performance. The AI model uses a two stage capsule network architecture and can rapidly classify COVID-19, community acquired pneumonia (CAP), and normal cases, using LDCT/ULDCT scans. The AI model achieves COVID-19 sensitivity of 89.5% +\- 0.11, CAP sensitivity of 95% +\- 0.11, normal cases sensitivity (specificity) of 85.7% +\- 0.16, and accuracy of 90% +\- 0.06. By incorporating clinical data (demographic and symptoms), the performance further improves to COVID-19 sensitivity of 94.3% +\- pm 0.05, CAP sensitivity of 96.7% +\- 0.07, normal cases sensitivity (specificity) of 91% +\- 0.09 , and accuracy of 94.1% +\- 0.03. The proposed AI model achieves human-level diagnosis based on the LDCT/ULDCT scans with reduced radiation exposure. We believe that the proposed AI model has the potential to assist the radiologists to accurately and promptly diagnose COVID-19 infection and help control the transmission chain during the pandemic.      
### 110.Z2P: Instant Rendering of Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14548.pdf)
>  We present a technique for rendering point clouds using a neural network. Existing point rendering techniques either use splatting, or first reconstruct a surface mesh that can then be rendered. Both of these techniques require solving for global point normal orientation, which is a challenging problem on its own. Furthermore, splatting techniques result in holes and overlaps, whereas mesh reconstruction is particularly challenging, especially in the cases of thin surfaces and sheets. <br>We cast the rendering problem as a conditional image-to-image translation problem. In our formulation, Z2P, i.e., depth-augmented point features as viewed from target camera view, are directly translated by a neural network to rendered images, conditioned on control variables (e.g., color, light). We avoid inevitable issues with splatting (i.e., holes and overlaps), and bypass solving the notoriously challenging surface reconstruction problem or estimating oriented normals. Yet, our approach results in a rendered image as if a surface mesh was reconstructed. We demonstrate that our framework produces a plausible image, and can effectively handle noise, non-uniform sampling, thin surfaces / sheets, and is fast.      
### 111.ICDAR 2021 Competition on Scientific Table Image Recognition to LaTeX  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14426.pdf)
>  Tables present important information concisely in many scientific documents. Visual features like mathematical symbols, equations, and spanning cells make structure and content extraction from tables embedded in research documents difficult. This paper discusses the dataset, tasks, participants' methods, and results of the ICDAR 2021 Competition on Scientific Table Image Recognition to LaTeX. Specifically, the task of the competition is to convert a tabular image to its corresponding LaTeX source code. We proposed two subtasks. In Subtask 1, we ask the participants to reconstruct the LaTeX structure code from an image. In Subtask 2, we ask the participants to reconstruct the LaTeX content code from an image. This report describes the datasets and ground truth specification, details the performance evaluation metrics used, presents the final results, and summarizes the participating methods. Submission by team VCGroup got the highest Exact Match accuracy score of 74% for Subtask 1 and 55% for Subtask 2, beating previous baselines by 5% and 12%, respectively. Although improvements can still be made to the recognition capabilities of models, this competition contributes to the development of fully automated table recognition systems by challenging practitioners to solve problems under specific constraints and sharing their approaches; the platform will remain available for post-challenge submissions at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://competitions.codalab.org/competitions/26979" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 112.An improved LogNNet classifier for IoT application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14412.pdf)
>  The internet of things devices suffer of low memory while good accuracy is needed. Designing suitable algorithms is vital in this subject. This paper proposes a feed forward LogNNet neural network which uses a semi-linear Henon type discrete chaotic map to classify MNIST-10 dataset. The model is composed of reservoir part and trainable classifier. The aim of reservoir part is transforming the inputs to maximize the classification accuracy using a special matrix filing method and a time series generated by the chaotic map. The parameters of the chaotic map are optimized using particle swarm optimization with random immigrants. The results show that the proposed LogNNet/Henon classifier has higher accuracy and same RAM saving comparable to the original version of LogNNet and has broad prospects for implementation in IoT devices. In addition, the relation between the entropy and accuracy of the classification is investigated. It is shown that there exists a direct relation between the value of entropy and accuracy of the classification.      
### 113.Improving Entropic Out-of-Distribution Detection using Isometric Distances and the Minimum Distance Score  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14399.pdf)
>  Current out-of-distribution detection approaches usually present special requirements (e.g., collecting outlier data and hyperparameter validation) and produce side effects (classification accuracy drop and slow/inefficient inferences). Recently, entropic out-of-distribution detection has been proposed as a seamless approach (i.e., a solution that avoids all the previously mentioned drawbacks). The entropic out-of-distribution detection solution comprises the IsoMax loss for training and the entropic score for out-of-distribution detection. The IsoMax loss works as a SoftMax loss drop-in replacement because swapping the SoftMax loss with the IsoMax loss requires no changes in the model's architecture or training procedures/hyperparameters. In this paper, we propose to perform what we call an isometrization of the distances used in the IsoMax loss. Additionally, we propose to replace the entropic score with the minimum distance score. Our experiments showed that these simple modifications increase out-of-distribution detection performance while keeping the solution seamless.      
### 114.Conditional Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Improving the Automated Screening of Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14338.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation of breast cancer metastases in histopathological slides is a challenging task. In fact, significant variation in data characteristics of histopathology images (domain shift) make generalization of deep learning to unseen data difficult. Our goal is to address this challenge by using a conditional Fully Convolutional Network (co-FCN) whose output can be conditioned at run time, and which can improve its performance when a properly selected set of reference slides are used to condition the output. We adapted to our task a co-FCN originally applied to organs segmentation in volumetric medical images and we trained it on the Whole Slide Images (WSIs) from three out of five medical centers present in the CAMELYON17 dataset. We tested the performance of the network on the WSIs of the remaining centers. We also developed an automated selection strategy for selecting the conditioning subset, based on an unsupervised clustering process applied to a target-specific set of reference patches, followed by a selection policy that relies on the cluster similarities with the input patch. We benchmarked our proposed method against a U-Net trained on the same dataset with no conditioning. The conditioned network shows better performance that the U-Net on the WSIs with Isolated Tumor Cells and micro-metastases from the medical centers used as test. Our contributions are an architecture which can be applied to the histopathology domain and an automated procedure for the selection of conditioning data.      
### 115.Covid-19 diagnosis from x-ray using neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14333.pdf)
>  Corona virus or COVID-19 is a pandemic illness, which has influenced more than million of causalities worldwide and infected a few large number of individuals .Innovative instrument empowering quick screening of the COVID-19 contamination with high precision can be critically useful to the medical care experts. The primary clinical device presently being used for the analysis of COVID-19 is the Reverse record polymerase chain response as known as RT-PCR, which is costly, less-delicate and requires specific clinical work force. X-Ray imaging is an effectively available apparatus that can be a great option in the COVID-19 conclusion. This exploration was taken to examine the utility of computerized reasoning in the quick and exact recognition of COVID-19 from chest X-Ray pictures. The point of this paper is to propose a procedure for programmed recognition of COVID-19 from advanced chest X-Ray images applying pre-prepared profound learning calculations while boosting the discovery exactness. The point is to give over-focused on clinical experts a second pair of eyes through a learning picture characterization models. We distinguish an appropriate Convolutional Neural Network-CNN model through beginning similar investigation of a few mainstream CNN models.      
### 116.Self-Supervised Nonlinear Transform-Based Tensor Nuclear Norm for Multi-Dimensional Image Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14320.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study multi-dimensional image recovery. Recently, transform-based tensor nuclear norm minimization methods are considered to capture low-rank tensor structures to recover third-order tensors in multi-dimensional image processing applications. The main characteristic of such methods is to perform the linear transform along the third mode of third-order tensors, and then compute tensor nuclear norm minimization on the transformed tensor so that the underlying low-rank tensors can be recovered. The main aim of this paper is to propose a nonlinear multilayer neural network to learn a nonlinear transform via the observed tensor data under self-supervision. The proposed network makes use of low-rank representation of transformed tensors and data-fitting between the observed tensor and the reconstructed tensor to construct the nonlinear transformation. Extensive experimental results on tensor completion, background subtraction, robust tensor completion, and snapshot compressive imaging are presented to demonstrate that the performance of the proposed method is better than that of state-of-the-art methods.      
### 117.Applications of Epileptic Seizures Detection in Neuroimaging Modalities Using Deep Learning Techniques: Methods, Challenges, and Future Works  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14278.pdf)
>  Epileptic seizures are a type of neurological disorder that affect many people worldwide. Specialist physicians and neurologists take advantage of structural and functional neuroimaging modalities to diagnose various types of epileptic seizures. Neuroimaging modalities assist specialist physicians considerably in analyzing brain tissue and the changes made in it. One method to accelerate the accurate and fast diagnosis of epileptic seizures is to employ computer aided diagnosis systems (CADS) based on artificial intelligence (AI) and functional and structural neuroimaging modalities. AI encompasses a variety of areas, and one of its branches is deep learning (DL). Not long ago, and before the rise of DL algorithms, feature extraction was an essential part of every conventional machine learning method, yet handcrafting features limit these models' performances to the knowledge of system designers. DL methods resolved this issue entirely by automating the feature extraction and classification process; applications of these methods in many fields of medicine, such as the diagnosis of epileptic seizures, have made notable improvements. In this paper, a comprehensive overview of the types of DL methods exploited to diagnose epileptic seizures from various neuroimaging modalities has been studied. Additionally, rehabilitation systems and cloud computing in epileptic seizures diagnosis applications have been exactly investigated using various modalities.      
### 118.Greedy Bayesian Posterior Approximation with Deep Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14275.pdf)
>  Ensembles of independently trained neural networks are a state-of-the-art approach to estimate predictive uncertainty in Deep Learning, and can be interpreted as an approximation of the posterior distribution via a mixture of delta functions. The training of ensembles relies on non-convexity of the loss landscape and random initialization of their individual members, making the resulting posterior approximation uncontrolled. This paper proposes a novel and principled method to tackle this limitation, minimizing an $f$-divergence between the true posterior and a kernel density estimator in a function space. We analyze this objective from a combinatorial point of view, and show that it is submodular with respect to mixture components for any $f$. Subsequently, we consider the problem of greedy ensemble construction, and from the marginal gain of the total objective, we derive a novel diversity term for ensemble methods. The performance of our approach is demonstrated on computer vision out-of-distribution benchmarks in a range of architectures trained on multiple datasets. The source code of our method is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MIPT-Oulu/greedy_ensembles_training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 119.Representation Learning in Continuous-Time Score-Based Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14257.pdf)
>  Score-based methods represented as stochastic differential equations on a continuous time domain have recently proven successful as a non-adversarial generative model. Training such models relies on denoising score matching, which can be seen as multi-scale denoising autoencoders. Here, we augment the denoising score-matching framework to enable representation learning without any supervised signal. GANs and VAEs learn representations by directly transforming latent codes to data samples. In contrast, score-based representation learning relies on a new formulation of the denoising score-matching objective and thus encodes information needed for denoising. We show how this difference allows for manual control of the level of detail encoded in the representation.      
### 120.Orienting Novel 3D Objects Using Self-Supervised Learning of Rotation Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14246.pdf)
>  Orienting objects is a critical component in the automation of many packing and assembly tasks. We present an algorithm to orient novel objects given a depth image of the object in its current and desired orientation. We formulate a self-supervised objective for this problem and train a deep neural network to estimate the 3D rotation as parameterized by a quaternion, between these current and desired depth images. We then use the trained network in a proportional controller to re-orient objects based on the estimated rotation between the two depth images. Results suggest that in simulation we can rotate unseen objects with unknown geometries by up to 30 with a median angle error of 1.47 over 100 random initial/desired orientations each for 22 novel objects. Experiments on physical objects suggest that the controller can achieve a median angle error of 4.2 over 10 random initial/desired orientations each for 5 objects.      
### 121.Evolving Deep Convolutional Neural Network by Hybrid Sine-Cosine and Extreme Learning Machine for Real-time COVID19 Diagnosis from X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14192.pdf)
>  The COVID19 pandemic globally and significantly has affected the life and health of many communities. The early detection of infected patients is effective in fighting COVID19. Using radiology (X-Ray) images is perhaps the fastest way to diagnose the patients. Thereby, deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) can be considered as applicable tools to diagnose COVID19 positive cases. Due to the complicated architecture of a deep CNN, its real-time training and testing become a challenging problem. This paper proposes using the Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) instead of the last fully connected layer to address this deficiency. However, the parameters' stochastic tuning of ELM's supervised section causes the final model unreliability. Therefore, to cope with this problem and maintain network reliability, the sine-cosine algorithm was utilized to tune the ELM's parameters. The designed network is then benchmarked on the COVID-Xray-5k dataset, and the results are verified by a comparative study with canonical deep CNN, ELM optimized by cuckoo search, ELM optimized by genetic algorithm, and ELM optimized by whale optimization algorithm. The proposed approach outperforms comparative benchmarks with a final accuracy of 98.83% on the COVID-Xray-5k dataset, leading to a relative error reduction of 2.33% compared to a canonical deep CNN. Even more critical, the designed network's training time is only 0.9421 milliseconds and the overall detection test time for 3100 images is 2.721 seconds.      
### 122.EDDA: Explanation-driven Data Augmentation to Improve Model and Explanation Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14162.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen the introduction of a range of methods for post-hoc explainability of image classifier predictions. However, these post-hoc explanations may not always align perfectly with classifier predictions, which poses a significant challenge when attempting to debug models based on such explanations. To this end, we seek a methodology that can improve alignment between model predictions and explanation method that is both agnostic to the model and explanation classes and which does not require ground truth explanations. We achieve this through a novel explanation-driven data augmentation (EDDA) method that augments the training data with occlusions of existing data stemming from model-explanations; this is based on the simple motivating principle that occluding salient regions for the model prediction should decrease the model confidence in the prediction, while occluding non-salient regions should not change the prediction -- if the model and explainer are aligned. To verify that this augmentation method improves model and explainer alignment, we evaluate the methodology on a variety of datasets, image classification models, and explanation methods. We verify in all cases that our explanation-driven data augmentation method improves alignment of the model and explanation in comparison to no data augmentation and non-explanation driven data augmentation methods. In conclusion, this approach provides a novel model- and explainer-agnostic methodology for improving alignment between model predictions and explanations, which we see as a critical step forward for practical deployment and debugging of image classification models.      
### 123.An Attention Free Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14103.pdf)
>  We introduce Attention Free Transformer (AFT), an efficient variant of Transformers that eliminates the need for dot product self attention. In an AFT layer, the key and value are first combined with a set of learned position biases, the result of which is multiplied with the query in an element-wise fashion. This new operation has a memory complexity linear w.r.t. both the context size and the dimension of features, making it compatible to both large input and model sizes. We also introduce AFT-local and AFT-conv, two model variants that take advantage of the idea of locality and spatial weight sharing while maintaining global connectivity. We conduct extensive experiments on two autoregressive modeling tasks (CIFAR10 and Enwik8) as well as an image recognition task (ImageNet-1K classification). We show that AFT demonstrates competitive performance on all the benchmarks, while providing excellent efficiency at the same time.      
### 124.Gotta Go Fast When Generating Data with Score-Based Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14080.pdf)
>  Score-based (denoising diffusion) generative models have recently gained a lot of success in generating realistic and diverse data. These approaches define a forward diffusion process for transforming data to noise and generate data by reversing it (thereby going from noise to data). Unfortunately, current score-based models generate data very slowly due to the sheer number of score network evaluations required by numerical SDE solvers. <br>In this work, we aim to accelerate this process by devising a more efficient SDE solver. Existing approaches rely on the Euler-Maruyama (EM) solver, which uses a fixed step size. We found that naively replacing it with other SDE solvers fares poorly - they either result in low-quality samples or become slower than EM. To get around this issue, we carefully devise an SDE solver with adaptive step sizes tailored to score-based generative models piece by piece. Our solver requires only two score function evaluations, rarely rejects samples, and leads to high-quality samples. Our approach generates data 2 to 10 times faster than EM while achieving better or equal sample quality. For high-resolution images, our method leads to significantly higher quality samples than all other methods tested. Our SDE solver has the benefit of requiring no step size tuning.      
### 125.Classification of Brain Tumours in MR Images using Deep Spatiospatial Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14071.pdf)
>  A brain tumour is a mass or cluster of abnormal cells in the brain, which has the possibility of becoming life-threatening because of its ability to invade neighbouring tissues and also form metastases. An accurate diagnosis is essential for successful treatment planning and magnetic resonance imaging is the principal imaging modality for diagnostic of brain tumours and their extent. Deep Learning methods in computer vision applications have shown significant improvement in recent years, most of which can be credited to the fact that a sizeable amount of data is available to train models on, and the improvements in the model architectures yielding better approximations in a supervised setting. Classifying tumours using such deep learning methods has made significant progress with the availability of open datasets with reliable annotations. Typically those methods are either 3D models, which use 3D volumetric MRIs or even 2D models considering each slice separately. However, by treating the slice spatial dimension separately, spatiotemporal models can be employed as spatiospatial models for this task. These models have the capabilities of learning specific spatial and temporal relationship, while reducing computational costs. This paper uses two spatiotemporal models, ResNet (2+1)D and ResNet Mixed Convolution, to classify different types of brain tumours. It was observed that both these models performed superior to the pure 3D convolutional model, ResNet18. Furthermore, it was also observed that pre-training the models on a different, even unrelated dataset before training them for the task of tumour classification improves the performance. Finally, Pre-trained ResNet Mixed Convolution was observed to be the best model in these experiments, achieving a macro F1-score of 0.93 and a test accuracy of 96.98\%, while at the same time being the model with the least computational cost.      
### 126.STRIDE along Spectrahedral Vertices for Solving Large-Scale Rank-One Semidefinite Relaxations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14033.pdf)
>  We consider solving high-order semidefinite programming (SDP) relaxations of nonconvex polynomial optimization problems (POPs) that admit rank-one optimal solutions. Existing approaches, which solve the SDP independently from the POP, either cannot scale to large problems or suffer from slow convergence due to the typical degeneracy of such SDPs. We propose a new algorithmic framework, called SpecTrahedral pRoximal gradIent Descent along vErtices (STRIDE), that blends fast local search on the nonconvex POP with global descent on the convex SDP. Specifically, STRIDE follows a globally convergent trajectory driven by a proximal gradient method (PGM) for solving the SDP, while simultaneously probing long, but safeguarded, rank-one "strides", generated by fast nonlinear programming algorithms on the POP, to seek rapid descent. We prove STRIDE has global convergence. To solve the subproblem of projecting a given point onto the feasible set of the SDP, we reformulate the projection step as a continuously differentiable unconstrained optimization and apply a limited-memory BFGS method to achieve both scalability and accuracy. We conduct numerical experiments on solving second-order SDP relaxations arising from two important applications in machine learning and computer vision. STRIDE dominates a diverse set of five existing SDP solvers and is the only solver that can solve degenerate rank-one SDPs to high accuracy (e.g., KKT residuals below 1e-9), even in the presence of millions of equality constraints.      
