# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 25 Jun 2021
### 1.Video Swin Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13230.pdf)
>  The vision community is witnessing a modeling shift from CNNs to Transformers, where pure Transformer architectures have attained top accuracy on the major video recognition benchmarks. These video models are all built on Transformer layers that globally connect patches across the spatial and temporal dimensions. In this paper, we instead advocate an inductive bias of locality in video Transformers, which leads to a better speed-accuracy trade-off compared to previous approaches which compute self-attention globally even with spatial-temporal factorization. The locality of the proposed video architecture is realized by adapting the Swin Transformer designed for the image domain, while continuing to leverage the power of pre-trained image models. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on a broad range of video recognition benchmarks, including on action recognition (84.9 top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400 and 86.1 top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-600 with ~20x less pre-training data and ~3x smaller model size) and temporal modeling (69.6 top-1 accuracy on Something-Something v2). The code and models will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SwinTransformer/Video-Swin-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.HyperNeRF: A Higher-Dimensional Representation for Topologically Varying Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13228.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) are able to reconstruct scenes with unprecedented fidelity, and various recent works have extended NeRF to handle dynamic scenes. A common approach to reconstruct such non-rigid scenes is through the use of a learned deformation field mapping from coordinates in each input image into a canonical template coordinate space. However, these deformation-based approaches struggle to model changes in topology, as topological changes require a discontinuity in the deformation field, but these deformation fields are necessarily continuous. We address this limitation by lifting NeRFs into a higher dimensional space, and by representing the 5D radiance field corresponding to each individual input image as a slice through this "hyper-space". Our method is inspired by level set methods, which model the evolution of surfaces as slices through a higher dimensional surface. We evaluate our method on two tasks: (i) interpolating smoothly between "moments", i.e., configurations of the scene, seen in the input images while maintaining visual plausibility, and (ii) novel-view synthesis at fixed moments. We show that our method, which we dub HyperNeRF, outperforms existing methods on both tasks by significant margins. Compared to Nerfies, HyperNeRF reduces average error rates by 8.6% for interpolation and 8.8% for novel-view synthesis, as measured by LPIPS.      
### 3.AutoAdapt: Automated Segmentation Network Search for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13227.pdf)
>  Neural network-based semantic segmentation has achieved remarkable results when large amounts of annotated data are available, that is, in the supervised case. However, such data is expensive to collect and so methods have been developed to adapt models trained on related, often synthetic data for which labels are readily available. Current adaptation approaches do not consider the dependence of the generalization/transferability of these models on network architecture. In this paper, we perform neural architecture search (NAS) to provide architecture-level perspective and analysis for domain adaptation. We identify the optimization gap that exists when searching architectures for unsupervised domain adaptation which makes this NAS problem uniquely difficult. We propose bridging this gap by using maximum mean discrepancy and regional weighted entropy to estimate the accuracy metric. Experimental results on several widely adopted benchmarks show that our proposed AutoAdapt framework indeed discovers architectures that improve the performance of a number of existing adaptation techniques.      
### 4.Depth Confidence-aware Camouflaged Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13217.pdf)
>  Camouflaged object detection (COD) aims to segment camouflaged objects hiding in the environment, which is challenging due to the similar appearance of camouflaged objects and their surroundings. Research in biology suggests that depth can provide useful object localization cues for camouflaged object discovery, as all the animals have 3D perception ability. However, the depth information has not been exploited for camouflaged object detection. To explore the contribution of depth for camouflage detection, we present a depth-guided camouflaged object detection network with pre-computed depth maps from existing monocular depth estimation methods. Due to the domain gap between the depth estimation dataset and our camouflaged object detection dataset, the generated depth may not be accurate enough to be directly used in our framework. We then introduce a depth quality assessment module to evaluate the quality of depth based on the model prediction from both RGB COD branch and RGB-D COD branch. During training, only high-quality depth is used to update the modal interaction module for multi-modal learning. During testing, our depth quality assessment module can effectively determine the contribution of depth and select the RGB branch or RGB-D branch for camouflage prediction. Extensive experiments on various camouflaged object detection datasets prove the effectiveness of our solution in exploring the depth information for camouflaged object detection. Our code and data is publicly available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingZhang617/RGBD-COD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 5.GaussiGAN: Controllable Image Synthesis with 3D Gaussians from Unposed Silhouettes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13215.pdf)
>  We present an algorithm that learns a coarse 3D representation of objects from unposed multi-view 2D mask supervision, then uses it to generate detailed mask and image texture. In contrast to existing voxel-based methods for unposed object reconstruction, our approach learns to represent the generated shape and pose with a set of self-supervised canonical 3D anisotropic Gaussians via a perspective camera, and a set of per-image transforms. We show that this approach can robustly estimate a 3D space for the camera and object, while recent baselines sometimes struggle to reconstruct coherent 3D spaces in this setting. We show results on synthetic datasets with realistic lighting, and demonstrate object insertion with interactive posing. With our work, we help move towards structured representations that handle more real-world variation in learning-based object reconstruction.      
### 6.Handling Data Heterogeneity with Generative Replay in Collaborative Learning for Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13208.pdf)
>  Collaborative learning, which enables collaborative and decentralized training of deep neural networks at multiple institutions in a privacy-preserving manner, is rapidly emerging as a valuable technique in healthcare applications. However, its distributed nature often leads to significant heterogeneity in data distributions across institutions. Existing collaborative learning approaches generally do not account for the presence of heterogeneity in data among institutions, or only mildly skewed label distributions are studied. In this paper, we present a novel generative replay strategy to address the challenge of data heterogeneity in collaborative learning methods. Instead of directly training a model for task performance, we leverage recent image synthesis techniques to develop a novel dual model architecture: a primary model learns the desired task, and an auxiliary "generative replay model" either synthesizes images that closely resemble the input images or helps extract latent variables. The generative replay strategy is flexible to use, can either be incorporated into existing collaborative learning methods to improve their capability of handling data heterogeneity across institutions, or be used as a novel and individual collaborative learning framework (termed FedReplay) to reduce communication cost. Experimental results demonstrate the capability of the proposed method in handling heterogeneous data across institutions. On highly heterogeneous data partitions, our model achieves ~4.88% improvement in the prediction accuracy on a diabetic retinopathy classification dataset, and ~49.8% reduction of mean absolution value on a Bone Age prediction dataset, respectively, compared to the state-of-the art collaborative learning methods.      
### 7.When Differential Privacy Meets Interpretability: A Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13203.pdf)
>  Given the increase in the use of personal data for training Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) in tasks such as medical imaging and diagnosis, differentially private training of DNNs is surging in importance and there is a huge body of work focusing on providing better privacy-utility trade-off. However, little attention is given to the interpretability of these models, and how the application of DP affects the quality of interpretations. We propose an extensive study into the effects of DP training on DNNs, especially on medical imaging applications, on the APTOS dataset.      
### 8.Driver-centric Risk Object Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13201.pdf)
>  A massive number of traffic fatalities are due to driver errors. To reduce fatalities, developing intelligent driving systems assisting drivers to identify potential risks is in urgent need. Risky situations are generally defined based on collision prediction in existing research. However, collisions are only one type of risk in traffic scenarios. We believe a more generic definition is required. In this work, we propose a novel driver-centric definition of risk, i.e., risky objects influence driver behavior. Based on this definition, a new task called risk object identification is introduced. We formulate the task as a cause-effect problem and present a novel two-stage risk object identification framework, taking inspiration from models of situation awareness and causal inference. A driver-centric Risk Object Identification (ROI) dataset is curated to evaluate the proposed system. We demonstrate state-of-the-art risk object identification performance compared with strong baselines on the ROI dataset. In addition, we conduct extensive ablative studies to justify our design choices.      
### 9.FitVid: Overfitting in Pixel-Level Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13195.pdf)
>  An agent that is capable of predicting what happens next can perform a variety of tasks through planning with no additional training. Furthermore, such an agent can internally represent the complex dynamics of the real-world and therefore can acquire a representation useful for a variety of visual perception tasks. This makes predicting the future frames of a video, conditioned on the observed past and potentially future actions, an interesting task which remains exceptionally challenging despite many recent advances. Existing video prediction models have shown promising results on simple narrow benchmarks but they generate low quality predictions on real-life datasets with more complicated dynamics or broader domain. There is a growing body of evidence that underfitting on the training data is one of the primary causes for the low quality predictions. In this paper, we argue that the inefficient use of parameters in the current video models is the main reason for underfitting. Therefore, we introduce a new architecture, named FitVid, which is capable of severe overfitting on the common benchmarks while having similar parameter count as the current state-of-the-art models. We analyze the consequences of overfitting, illustrating how it can produce unexpected outcomes such as generating high quality output by repeating the training data, and how it can be mitigated using existing image augmentation techniques. As a result, FitVid outperforms the current state-of-the-art models across four different video prediction benchmarks on four different metrics.      
### 10.Differential Morph Face Detection using Discriminative Wavelet Sub-bands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13178.pdf)
>  Face recognition systems are extremely vulnerable to morphing attacks, in which a morphed facial reference image can be successfully verified as two or more distinct identities. In this paper, we propose a morph attack detection algorithm that leverages an undecimated 2D Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) for identifying morphed face images. The core of our framework is that artifacts resulting from the morphing process that are not discernible in the image domain can be more easily identified in the spatial frequency domain. A discriminative wavelet sub-band can accentuate the disparity between a real and a morphed image. To this end, multi-level DWT is applied to all images, yielding 48 mid and high-frequency sub-bands each. The entropy distributions for each sub-band are calculated separately for both bona fide and morph images. For some of the sub-bands, there is a marked difference between the entropy of the sub-band in a bona fide image and the identical sub-band's entropy in a morphed image. Consequently, we employ Kullback-Liebler Divergence (KLD) to exploit these differences and isolate the sub-bands that are the most discriminative. We measure how discriminative a sub-band is by its KLD value and the 22 sub-bands with the highest KLD values are chosen for network training. Then, we train a deep Siamese neural network using these 22 selected sub-bands for differential morph attack detection. We examine the efficacy of discriminative wavelet sub-bands for morph attack detection and show that a deep neural network trained on these sub-bands can accurately identify morph imagery.      
### 11.Learning by Planning: Language-Guided Global Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13156.pdf)
>  Recently, language-guided global image editing draws increasing attention with growing application potentials. However, previous GAN-based methods are not only confined to domain-specific, low-resolution data but also lacking in interpretability. To overcome the collective difficulties, we develop a text-to-operation model to map the vague editing language request into a series of editing operations, e.g., change contrast, brightness, and saturation. Each operation is interpretable and differentiable. Furthermore, the only supervision in the task is the target image, which is insufficient for a stable training of sequential decisions. Hence, we propose a novel operation planning algorithm to generate possible editing sequences from the target image as pseudo ground truth. Comparison experiments on the newly collected MA5k-Req dataset and GIER dataset show the advantages of our methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jshi31.github.io/T2ONet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.FaDIV-Syn: Fast Depth-Independent View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13139.pdf)
>  We introduce FaDIV-Syn, a fast depth-independent view synthesis method. Our multi-view approach addresses the problem that view synthesis methods are often limited by their depth estimation stage, where incorrect depth predictions can lead to large projection errors. To avoid this issue, we efficiently warp multiple input images into the target frame for a range of assumed depth planes. The resulting tensor representation is fed into a U-Net-like CNN with gated convolutions, which directly produces the novel output view. We therefore side-step explicit depth estimation. This improves efficiency and performance on transparent, reflective, and feature-less scene parts. FaDIV-Syn can handle both interpolation and extrapolation tasks and outperforms state-of-the-art extrapolation methods on the large-scale RealEstate10k dataset. In contrast to comparable methods, it is capable of real-time operation due to its lightweight architecture. We further demonstrate data efficiency of FaDIV-Syn by training from fewer examples as well as its generalization to higher resolutions and arbitrary depth ranges under severe depth discretization.      
### 13.Exploring Corruption Robustness: Inductive Biases in Vision Transformers and MLP-Mixers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13122.pdf)
>  Recently, vision transformers and MLP-based models have been developed in order to address some of the prevalent weaknesses in convolutional neural networks. Due to the novelty of transformers being used in this domain along with the self-attention mechanism, it remains unclear to what degree these architectures are robust to corruptions. Despite some works proposing that data augmentation remains essential for a model to be robust against corruptions, we propose to explore the impact that the architecture has on corruption robustness. We find that vision transformer architectures are inherently more robust to corruptions than the ResNet-50 and MLP-Mixers. We also find that vision transformers with 5 times fewer parameters than a ResNet-50 have more shape bias. Our code is available to reproduce.      
### 14.VOLO: Vision Outlooker for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13112.pdf)
>  Visual recognition has been dominated by convolutionalneural networks (CNNs) for years. Though recently the pre-vailing vision transformers (ViTs) have shown great poten-tial of self-attention based models in ImageNet classifica-tion, their performance is still inferior to latest SOTA CNNsif no extra data are provided. In this work, we aim to closethe performance gap and demonstrate that attention-basedmodels are indeed able to outperform CNNs. We found thatthe main factor limiting the performance of ViTs for Ima-geNet classification is their low efficacy in encoding fine-level features into the token representations. To resolvethis, we introduce a noveloutlook attentionand present asimple and general architecture, termed Vision Outlooker(VOLO). Unlike self-attention that focuses on global depen-dency modeling at a coarse level, the outlook attention aimsto efficiently encode finer-level features and contexts intotokens, which are shown to be critical for recognition per-formance but largely ignored by the self-attention. Experi-ments show that our VOLO achieves 87.1% top-1 accuracyon ImageNet-1K classification, being the first model exceed-ing 87% accuracy on this competitive benchmark, withoutusing any extra training data. In addition, the pre-trainedVOLO transfers well to downstream tasks, such as seman-tic segmentation. We achieve 84.3% mIoU score on thecityscapes validation set and 54.3% on the ADE20K valida-tion set. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sail-sg/volo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Sparse Needlets for Lighting Estimation with Spherical Transport Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13090.pdf)
>  Accurate lighting estimation is challenging yet critical to many computer vision and computer graphics tasks such as high-dynamic-range (HDR) relighting. Existing approaches model lighting in either frequency domain or spatial domain which is insufficient to represent the complex lighting conditions in scenes and tends to produce inaccurate estimation. This paper presents NeedleLight, a new lighting estimation model that represents illumination with needlets and allows lighting estimation in both frequency domain and spatial domain jointly. An optimal thresholding function is designed to achieve sparse needlets which trims redundant lighting parameters and demonstrates superior localization properties for illumination representation. In addition, a novel spherical transport loss is designed based on optimal transport theory which guides to regress lighting representation parameters with consideration of the spatial information. Furthermore, we propose a new metric that is concise yet effective by directly evaluating the estimated illumination maps rather than rendered images. Extensive experiments show that NeedleLight achieves superior lighting estimation consistently across multiple evaluation metrics as compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 16.ChaLearn Looking at People: Inpainting and Denoising challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13071.pdf)
>  Dealing with incomplete information is a well studied problem in the context of machine learning and computational intelligence. However, in the context of computer vision, the problem has only been studied in specific scenarios (e.g., certain types of occlusions in specific types of images), although it is common to have incomplete information in visual data. This chapter describes the design of an academic competition focusing on inpainting of images and video sequences that was part of the competition program of WCCI2018 and had a satellite event collocated with ECCV2018. The ChaLearn Looking at People Inpainting Challenge aimed at advancing the state of the art on visual inpainting by promoting the development of methods for recovering missing and occluded information from images and video. Three tracks were proposed in which visual inpainting might be helpful but still challenging: human body pose estimation, text overlays removal and fingerprint denoising. This chapter describes the design of the challenge, which includes the release of three novel datasets, and the description of evaluation metrics, baselines and evaluation protocol. The results of the challenge are analyzed and discussed in detail and conclusions derived from this event are outlined.      
### 17.Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Depth-of-Field Effect from Natural Images with Aperture Rendering Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13041.pdf)
>  Understanding the 3D world from 2D projected natural images is a fundamental challenge in computer vision and graphics. Recently, an unsupervised learning approach has garnered considerable attention owing to its advantages in data collection. However, to mitigate training limitations, typical methods need to impose assumptions for viewpoint distribution (e.g., a dataset containing various viewpoint images) or object shape (e.g., symmetric objects). These assumptions often restrict applications; for instance, the application to non-rigid objects or images captured from similar viewpoints (e.g., flower or bird images) remains a challenge. To complement these approaches, we propose aperture rendering generative adversarial networks (AR-GANs), which equip aperture rendering on top of GANs, and adopt focus cues to learn the depth and depth-of-field (DoF) effect of unlabeled natural images. To address the ambiguities triggered by unsupervised setting (i.e., ambiguities between smooth texture and out-of-focus blurs, and between foreground and background blurs), we develop DoF mixture learning, which enables the generator to learn real image distribution while generating diverse DoF images. In addition, we devise a center focus prior to guiding the learning direction. In the experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of AR-GANs in various datasets, such as flower, bird, and face images, demonstrate their portability by incorporating them into other 3D representation learning GANs, and validate their applicability in shallow DoF rendering.      
### 18.A Transformer-based Cross-modal Fusion Model with Adversarial Training for VQA Challenge 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13033.pdf)
>  In this paper, inspired by the successes of visionlanguage pre-trained models and the benefits from training with adversarial attacks, we present a novel transformerbased cross-modal fusion modeling by incorporating the both notions for VQA challenge 2021. Specifically, the proposed model is on top of the architecture of VinVL model [19], and the adversarial training strategy [4] is applied to make the model robust and generalized. Moreover, two implementation tricks are also used in our system to obtain better results. The experiments demonstrate that the novel framework can achieve 76.72% on VQAv2 test-std set.      
### 19.A Simple and Strong Baseline: Progressively Region-based Scene Text Removal Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13029.pdf)
>  Existing scene text removal methods mainly train an elaborate network with paired images to realize the function of text localization and background reconstruction simultaneously, but there exists two problems: 1) lacking the exhaustive erasure of text region and 2) causing the excessive erasure to text-free areas. To handle these issues, this paper provides a novel ProgrEssively Region-based scene Text eraser (PERT), which introduces region-based modification strategy to progressively erase the pixels in only text region. Firstly, PERT decomposes the STR task to several erasing stages. As each stage aims to take a further step toward the text-removed image rather than directly regress to the final result, the decomposed operation reduces the learning difficulty in each stage, and an exhaustive erasure result can be obtained by iterating over lightweight erasing blocks with shared parameters. Then, PERT introduces a region-based modification strategy to ensure the integrity of text-free areas by decoupling text localization from erasure process to guide the removal. Benefiting from the simplicity architecture, PERT is a simple and strong baseline, and is easy to be followed and developed. Extensive experiments demonstrate that PERT obtains the state-of-the-art results on both synthetic and real-world datasets. Code is available athttps://github.com/wangyuxin87/PERT.      
### 20.Exploring Stronger Feature for Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13014.pdf)
>  Temporal action localization aims to localize starting and ending time with action category. Limited by GPU memory, mainstream methods pre-extract features for each video. Therefore, feature quality determines the upper bound of detection performance. In this technical report, we explored classic convolution-based backbones and the recent surge of transformer-based backbones. We found that the transformer-based methods can achieve better classification performance than convolution-based, but they cannot generate accuracy action proposals. In addition, extracting features with larger frame resolution to reduce the loss of spatial information can also effectively improve the performance of temporal action localization. Finally, we achieve 42.42% in terms of mAP on validation set with a single SlowFast feature by a simple combination: BMN+TCANet, which is 1.87% higher than the result of 2020's multi-model ensemble. Finally, we achieve Rank 1st on the CVPR2021 HACS supervised Temporal Action Localization Challenge.      
### 21.SGTBN: Generating Dense Depth Maps from Single-Line LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12994.pdf)
>  Depth completion aims to generate a dense depth map from the sparse depth map and aligned RGB image. However, current depth completion methods use extremely expensive 64-line LiDAR(about $100,000) to obtain sparse depth maps, which will limit their application scenarios. Compared with the 64-line LiDAR, the single-line LiDAR is much less expensive and much more robust. Therefore, we propose a method to tackle the problem of single-line depth completion, in which we aim to generate a dense depth map from the single-line LiDAR info and the aligned RGB image. A single-line depth completion dataset is proposed based on the existing 64-line depth completion dataset(KITTI). A network called Semantic Guided Two-Branch Network(SGTBN) which contains global and local branches to extract and fuse global and local info is proposed for this task. A Semantic guided depth upsampling module is used in our network to make full use of the semantic info in RGB images. Except for the usual MSE loss, we add the virtual normal loss to increase the constraint of high-order 3D geometry in our network. Our network outperforms the state-of-the-art in the single-line depth completion task. Besides, compared with the monocular depth estimation, our method also has significant advantages in precision and model size.      
### 22.Evaluation of deep lift pose models for 3D rodent pose estimation based on geometrically triangulated data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12993.pdf)
>  The assessment of laboratory animal behavior is of central interest in modern neuroscience research. Behavior is typically studied in terms of pose changes, which are ideally captured in three dimensions. This requires triangulation over a multi-camera system which view the animal from different angles. However, this is challenging in realistic laboratory setups due to occlusions and other technical constrains. Here we propose the usage of lift-pose models that allow for robust 3D pose estimation of freely moving rodents from a single view camera view. To obtain high-quality training data for the pose-lifting, we first perform geometric calibration in a camera setup involving bottom as well as side views of the behaving animal. We then evaluate the performance of two previously proposed model architectures under given inference perspectives and conclude that reliable 3D pose inference can be obtained using temporal convolutions. With this work we would like to contribute to a more robust and diverse behavior tracking of freely moving rodents for a wide range of experiments and setups in the neuroscience community.      
### 23.Relationship between pulmonary nodule malignancy and surrounding pleurae, airways and vessels: a quantitative study using the public LIDC-IDRI dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12991.pdf)
>  To investigate whether the pleurae, airways and vessels surrounding a nodule on non-contrast computed tomography (CT) can discriminate benign and malignant pulmonary nodules. The LIDC-IDRI dataset, one of the largest publicly available CT database, was exploited for study. A total of 1556 nodules from 694 patients were involved in statistical analysis, where nodules with average scorings &lt;3 and &gt;3 were respectively denoted as benign and malignant. Besides, 339 nodules from 113 patients with diagnosis ground-truth were independently evaluated. Computer algorithms were developed to segment pulmonary structures and quantify the distances to pleural surface, airways and vessels, as well as the counting number and normalized volume of airways and vessels near a nodule. Odds ratio (OR) and Chi-square (\chi^2) testing were performed to demonstrate the correlation between features of surrounding structures and nodule malignancy. A non-parametric receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was conducted in logistic regression to evaluate discrimination ability of each structure. For benign and malignant groups, the average distances from nodules to pleural surface, airways and vessels are respectively (6.56, 5.19), (37.08, 26.43) and (1.42, 1.07) mm. The correlation between nodules and the counting number of airways and vessels that contact or project towards nodules are respectively (OR=22.96, \chi^2=105.04) and (OR=7.06, \chi^2=290.11). The correlation between nodules and the volume of airways and vessels are (OR=9.19, \chi^2=159.02) and (OR=2.29, \chi^2=55.89). The areas-under-curves (AUCs) for pleurae, airways and vessels are respectively 0.5202, 0.6943 and 0.6529. Our results show that malignant nodules are often surrounded by more pulmonary structures compared with benign ones, suggesting that features of these structures could be viewed as lung cancer biomarkers.      
### 24.Class agnostic moving target detection by color and location prediction of moving area  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12966.pdf)
>  Moving target detection plays an important role in computer vision. However, traditional algorithms such as frame difference and optical flow usually suffer from low accuracy or heavy computation. Recent algorithms such as deep learning-based convolutional neural networks have achieved high accuracy and real-time performance, but they usually need to know the classes of targets in advance, which limits the practical applications. Therefore, we proposed a model free moving target detection algorithm. This algorithm extracts the moving area through the difference of image features. Then, the color and location probability map of the moving area will be calculated through maximum a posteriori probability. And the target probability map can be obtained through the dot multiply between the two maps. Finally, the optimal moving target area can be solved by stochastic gradient descent on the target probability map. Results show that the proposed algorithm achieves the highest accuracy compared with state-of-the-art algorithms, without needing to know the classes of targets. Furthermore, as the existing datasets are not suitable for moving target detection, we proposed a method for producing evaluation dataset. Besides, we also proved the proposed algorithm can be used to assist target tracking.      
### 25.Continual Novelty Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12964.pdf)
>  Novelty Detection methods identify samples that are not representative of a model's training set thereby flagging misleading predictions and bringing a greater flexibility and transparency at deployment time. However, research in this area has only considered Novelty Detection in the offline setting. Recently, there has been a growing realization in the computer vision community that applications demand a more flexible framework - Continual Learning - where new batches of data representing new domains, new classes or new tasks become available at different points in time. In this setting, Novelty Detection becomes more important, interesting and challenging. This work identifies the crucial link between the two problems and investigates the Novelty Detection problem under the Continual Learning setting. We formulate the Continual Novelty Detection problem and present a benchmark, where we compare several Novelty Detection methods under different Continual Learning settings. <br>We show that Continual Learning affects the behaviour of novelty detection algorithms, while novelty detection can pinpoint insights in the behaviour of a continual learner. We further propose baselines and discuss possible research directions. We believe that the coupling of the two problems is a promising direction to bring vision models into practice.      
### 26.Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation of Untextured Indoor Rotated Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12958.pdf)
>  Self-supervised deep learning methods have leveraged stereo images for training monocular depth estimation. Although these methods show strong results on outdoor datasets such as KITTI, they do not match performance of supervised methods on indoor environments with camera rotation. Indoor, rotated scenes are common for less constrained applications and pose problems for two reasons: abundance of low texture regions and increased complexity of depth cues for images under rotation. In an effort to extend self-supervised learning to more generalised environments we propose two additions. First, we propose a novel Filled Disparity Loss term that corrects for ambiguity of image reconstruction error loss in textureless regions. Specifically, we interpolate disparity in untextured regions, using the estimated disparity from surrounding textured areas, and use L1 loss to correct the original estimation. Our experiments show that depth estimation is substantially improved on low-texture scenes, without any loss on textured scenes, when compared to Monodepth by Godard et al. Secondly, we show that training with an application's representative rotations, in both pitch and roll, is sufficient to significantly improve performance over the entire range of expected rotation. We demonstrate that depth estimation is successfully generalised as performance is not lost when evaluated on test sets with no camera rotation. Together these developments enable a broader use of self-supervised learning of monocular depth estimation for complex environments.      
### 27.Regularisation for PCA- and SVD-type matrix factorisations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12955.pdf)
>  Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) and its close relative, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), are well-known linear matrix decomposition techniques that are widely used in applications such as dimension reduction and clustering. However, an important limitation of SVD/PCA is its sensitivity to noise in the input data. In this paper, we take another look at the problem of regularisation and show that different formulations of the minimisation problem lead to qualitatively different solutions.      
### 28.MatchVIE: Exploiting Match Relevancy between Entities for Visual Information Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12940.pdf)
>  Visual Information Extraction (VIE) task aims to extract key information from multifarious document images (e.g., invoices and purchase receipts). Most previous methods treat the VIE task simply as a sequence labeling problem or classification problem, which requires models to carefully identify each kind of semantics by introducing multimodal features, such as font, color, layout. But simply introducing multimodal features couldn't work well when faced with numeric semantic categories or some ambiguous texts. To address this issue, in this paper we propose a novel key-value matching model based on a graph neural network for VIE (MatchVIE). Through key-value matching based on relevancy evaluation, the proposed MatchVIE can bypass the recognitions to various semantics, and simply focuses on the strong relevancy between entities. Besides, we introduce a simple but effective operation, Num2Vec, to tackle the instability of encoded values, which helps model converge more smoothly. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed MatchVIE can significantly outperform previous methods. Notably, to the best of our knowledge, MatchVIE may be the first attempt to tackle the VIE task by modeling the relevancy between keys and values and it is a good complement to the existing methods.      
### 29.Attention Toward Neighbors: A Context Aware Framework for High Resolution Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12902.pdf)
>  High-resolution image segmentation remains challenging and error-prone due to the enormous size of intermediate feature maps. Conventional methods avoid this problem by using patch based approaches where each patch is segmented independently. However, independent patch segmentation induces errors, particularly at the patch boundary due to the lack of contextual information in very high-resolution images where the patch size is much smaller compared to the full image. To overcome these limitations, in this paper, we propose a novel framework to segment a particular patch by incorporating contextual information from its neighboring patches. This allows the segmentation network to see the target patch with a wider field of view without the need of larger feature maps. Comparative analysis from a number of experiments shows that our proposed framework is able to segment high resolution images with significantly improved mean Intersection over Union and overall accuracy.      
### 30.Unsupervised Deep Image Stitching: Reconstructing Stitched Features to Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12859.pdf)
>  Traditional feature-based image stitching technologies rely heavily on feature detection quality, often failing to stitch images with few features or low resolution. The learning-based image stitching solutions are rarely studied due to the lack of labeled data, making the supervised methods unreliable. To address the above limitations, we propose an unsupervised deep image stitching framework consisting of two stages: unsupervised coarse image alignment and unsupervised image reconstruction. In the first stage, we design an ablation-based loss to constrain an unsupervised homography network, which is more suitable for large-baseline scenes. Moreover, a transformer layer is introduced to warp the input images in the stitching-domain space. In the second stage, motivated by the insight that the misalignments in pixel-level can be eliminated to a certain extent in feature-level, we design an unsupervised image reconstruction network to eliminate the artifacts from features to pixels. Specifically, the reconstruction network can be implemented by a low-resolution deformation branch and a high-resolution refined branch, learning the deformation rules of image stitching and enhancing the resolution simultaneously. To establish an evaluation benchmark and train the learning framework, a comprehensive real-world image dataset for unsupervised deep image stitching is presented and released. Extensive experiments well demonstrate the superiority of our method over other state-of-the-art solutions. Even compared with the supervised solutions, our image stitching quality is still preferred by users.      
### 31.Detection of Deepfake Videos Using Long Distance Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12832.pdf)
>  With the rapid progress of deepfake techniques in recent years, facial video forgery can generate highly deceptive video contents and bring severe security threats. And detection of such forgery videos is much more urgent and challenging. Most existing detection methods treat the problem as a vanilla binary classification problem. In this paper, the problem is treated as a special fine-grained classification problem since the differences between fake and real faces are very subtle. It is observed that most existing face forgery methods left some common artifacts in the spatial domain and time domain, including generative defects in the spatial domain and inter-frame inconsistencies in the time domain. And a spatial-temporal model is proposed which has two components for capturing spatial and temporal forgery traces in global perspective respectively. The two components are designed using a novel long distance attention mechanism. The one component of the spatial domain is used to capture artifacts in a single frame, and the other component of the time domain is used to capture artifacts in consecutive frames. They generate attention maps in the form of patches. The attention method has a broader vision which contributes to better assembling global information and extracting local statistic information. Finally, the attention maps are used to guide the network to focus on pivotal parts of the face, just like other fine-grained classification methods. The experimental results on different public datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance, and the proposed long distance attention method can effectively capture pivotal parts for face forgery.      
### 32.Fast Monte Carlo Rendering via Multi-Resolution Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12802.pdf)
>  Monte Carlo rendering algorithms are widely used to produce photorealistic computer graphics images. However, these algorithms need to sample a substantial amount of rays per pixel to enable proper global illumination and thus require an immense amount of computation. In this paper, we present a hybrid rendering method to speed up Monte Carlo rendering algorithms. Our method first generates two versions of a rendering: one at a low resolution with a high sample rate (LRHS) and the other at a high resolution with a low sample rate (HRLS). We then develop a deep convolutional neural network to fuse these two renderings into a high-quality image as if it were rendered at a high resolution with a high sample rate. Specifically, we formulate this fusion task as a super resolution problem that generates a high resolution rendering from a low resolution input (LRHS), assisted with the HRLS rendering. The HRLS rendering provides critical high frequency details which are difficult to recover from the LRHS for any super resolution methods. Our experiments show that our hybrid rendering algorithm is significantly faster than the state-of-the-art Monte Carlo denoising methods while rendering high-quality images when tested on both our own BCR dataset and the Gharbi dataset. \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hqqxyy/msspl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 33.Towards Automatic Speech to Sign Language Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12790.pdf)
>  We aim to solve the highly challenging task of generating continuous sign language videos solely from speech segments for the first time. Recent efforts in this space have focused on generating such videos from human-annotated text transcripts without considering other modalities. However, replacing speech with sign language proves to be a practical solution while communicating with people suffering from hearing loss. Therefore, we eliminate the need of using text as input and design techniques that work for more natural, continuous, freely uttered speech covering an extensive vocabulary. Since the current datasets are inadequate for generating sign language directly from speech, we collect and release the first Indian sign language dataset comprising speech-level annotations, text transcripts, and the corresponding sign-language videos. Next, we propose a multi-tasking transformer network trained to generate signer's poses from speech segments. With speech-to-text as an auxiliary task and an additional cross-modal discriminator, our model learns to generate continuous sign pose sequences in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments and comparisons with other baselines demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. We also conduct additional ablation studies to analyze the effect of different modules of our network. A demo video containing several results is attached to the supplementary material.      
### 34.Video Super-Resolution with Long-Term Self-Exemplars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12778.pdf)
>  Existing video super-resolution methods often utilize a few neighboring frames to generate a higher-resolution image for each frame. However, the redundant information between distant frames has not been fully exploited in these methods: corresponding patches of the same instance appear across distant frames at different scales. Based on this observation, we propose a video super-resolution method with long-term cross-scale aggregation that leverages similar patches (self-exemplars) across distant frames. Our model also consists of a multi-reference alignment module to fuse the features derived from similar patches: we fuse the features of distant references to perform high-quality super-resolution. We also propose a novel and practical training strategy for referenced-based super-resolution. To evaluate the performance of our proposed method, we conduct extensive experiments on our collected CarCam dataset and the Waymo Open dataset, and the results demonstrate our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Our source code will be publicly available.      
### 35.Planetary UAV localization based on Multi-modal Registration with Pre-existing Digital Terrain Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12738.pdf)
>  The autonomous real-time optical navigation of planetary UAV is of the key technologies to ensure the success of the exploration. In such a GPS denied environment, vision-based localization is an optimal approach. In this paper, we proposed a multi-modal registration based SLAM algorithm, which estimates the location of a planet UAV using a nadir view camera on the UAV compared with pre-existing digital terrain model. To overcome the scale and appearance difference between on-board UAV images and pre-installed digital terrain model, a theoretical model is proposed to prove that topographic features of UAV image and DEM can be correlated in frequency domain via cross power spectrum. To provide the six-DOF of the UAV, we also developed an optimization approach which fuses the geo-referencing result into a SLAM system via LBA (Local Bundle Adjustment) to achieve robust and accurate vision-based navigation even in featureless planetary areas. To test the robustness and effectiveness of the proposed localization algorithm, a new cross-source drone-based localization dataset for planetary exploration is proposed. The proposed dataset includes 40200 synthetic drone images taken from nine planetary scenes with related DEM query images. Comparison experiments carried out demonstrate that over the flight distance of 33.8km, the proposed method achieved average localization error of 0.45 meters, compared to 1.31 meters by ORB-SLAM, with the processing speed of 12hz which will ensure a real-time performance. We will make our datasets available to encourage further work on this promising topic.      
### 36.Frequency Domain Convolutional Neural Network: Accelerated CNN for Large Diabetic Retinopathy Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12736.pdf)
>  The conventional spatial convolution layers in the Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are computationally expensive at the point where the training time could take days unless the number of layers, the number of training images or the size of the training images are reduced. The image size of 256x256 pixels is commonly used for most of the applications of CNN, but this image size is too small for applications like Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) classification where the image details are important for accurate classification. This research proposed Frequency Domain Convolution (FDC) and Frequency Domain Pooling (FDP) layers which were built with RFFT, kernel initialization strategy, convolution artifact removal and Channel Independent Convolution (CIC) to replace the conventional convolution and pooling layers. The FDC and FDP layers are used to build a Frequency Domain Convolutional Neural Network (FDCNN) to accelerate the training of large images for DR classification. The Full FDC layer is an extension of the FDC layer to allow direct use in conventional CNNs, it is also used to modify the VGG16 architecture. FDCNN is shown to be at least 54.21% faster and 70.74% more memory efficient compared to an equivalent CNN architecture. The modified VGG16 architecture with Full FDC layer is reported to achieve a shorter training time and a higher accuracy at 95.63% compared to the original VGG16 architecture for DR classification.      
### 37.Multi-Modal 3D Object Detection in Autonomous Driving: a Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12735.pdf)
>  In the past few years, we have witnessed rapid development of autonomous driving. However, achieving full autonomy remains a daunting task due to the complex and dynamic driving environment. As a result, self-driving cars are equipped with a suite of sensors to conduct robust and accurate environment perception. As the number and type of sensors keep increasing, combining them for better perception is becoming a natural trend. So far, there has been no indepth review that focuses on multi-sensor fusion based perception. To bridge this gap and motivate future research, this survey devotes to review recent fusion-based 3D detection deep learning models that leverage multiple sensor data sources, especially cameras and LiDARs. In this survey, we first introduce the background of popular sensors for autonomous cars, including their common data representations as well as object detection networks developed for each type of sensor data. Next, we discuss some popular datasets for multi-modal 3D object detection, with a special focus on the sensor data included in each dataset. Then we present in-depth reviews of recent multi-modal 3D detection networks by considering the following three aspects of the fusion: fusion location, fusion data representation, and fusion granularity. After a detailed review, we discuss open challenges and point out possible solutions. We hope that our detailed review can help researchers to embark investigations in the area of multi-modal 3D object detection.      
### 38.Feature Completion for Occluded Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12733.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (reID) plays an important role in computer vision. However, existing methods suffer from performance degradation in occluded scenes. In this work, we propose an occlusion-robust block, Region Feature Completion (RFC), for occluded reID. Different from most previous works that discard the occluded regions, RFC block can recover the semantics of occluded regions in feature space. Firstly, a Spatial RFC (SRFC) module is developed. SRFC exploits the long-range spatial contexts from non-occluded regions to predict the features of occluded regions. The unit-wise prediction task leads to an encoder/decoder architecture, where the region-encoder models the correlation between non-occluded and occluded region, and the region-decoder utilizes the spatial correlation to recover occluded region features. Secondly, we introduce Temporal RFC (TRFC) module which captures the long-term temporal contexts to refine the prediction of SRFC. RFC block is lightweight, end-to-end trainable and can be easily plugged into existing CNNs to form RFCnet. Extensive experiments are conducted on occluded and commonly holistic reID benchmarks. Our method significantly outperforms existing methods on the occlusion datasets, while remains top even superior performance on holistic datasets. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/blue-blue272/OccludedReID-RFCnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.All You Need is a Second Look: Towards Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12720.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-shaped text detection is a challenging task since curved texts in the wild are of the complex geometric layouts. Existing mainstream methods follow the instance segmentation pipeline to obtain the text regions. However, arbitraryshaped texts are difficult to be depicted through one single segmentation network because of the varying scales. In this paper, we propose a two-stage segmentation-based detector, termed as NASK (Need A Second looK), for arbitrary-shaped text detection. Compared to the traditional single-stage segmentation network, our NASK conducts the detection in a coarse-to-fine manner with the first stage segmentation spotting the rectangle text proposals and the second one retrieving compact representations. Specifically, NASK is composed of a Text Instance Segmentation (TIS) network (1st stage), a Geometry-aware Text RoI Alignment (GeoAlign) module, and a Fiducial pOint eXpression (FOX) module (2nd stage). Firstly, TIS extracts the augmented features with a novel Group Spatial and Channel Attention (GSCA) module and conducts instance segmentation to obtain rectangle proposals. Then, GeoAlign converts these rectangles into the fixed size and encodes RoI-wise feature representation. Finally, FOX disintegrates the text instance into serval pivotal geometrical attributes to refine the detection results. Extensive experimental results on three public benchmarks including Total-Text, SCUTCTW1500, and ICDAR 2015 verify that our NASK outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 40.Topological Semantic Mapping by Consolidation of Deep Visual Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12709.pdf)
>  Many works in the recent literature introduce semantic mapping methods that use CNNs (Convolutional Neural Networks) to recognize semantic properties in images. The types of properties (eg.: room size, place category, and objects) and their classes (eg.: kitchen and bathroom, for place category) are usually predefined and restricted to a specific task. Thus, all the visual data acquired and processed during the construction of the maps are lost and only the recognized semantic properties remain on the maps. In contrast, this work introduces a topological semantic mapping method that uses deep visual features extracted by a CNN, the GoogLeNet, from 2D images captured in multiple views of the environment as the robot operates, to create consolidated representations of visual features acquired in the regions covered by each topological node. These consolidated representations allow flexible recognition of semantic properties of the regions and use in a range of visual tasks. The experiments, performed using a real-world indoor dataset, showed that the method is able to consolidate the visual features of regions and use them to recognize objects and place categories as semantic properties, and to indicate the topological location of images, with very promising results. The objects are classified using the classification layer of GoogLeNet, without retraining, and the place categories are recognized using a shallow Multilayer Perceptron.      
### 41.Conditional Deformable Image Registration with Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12673.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning-based methods have shown promising results and runtime advantages in deformable image registration. However, analyzing the effects of hyperparameters and searching for optimal regularization parameters prove to be too prohibitive in deep learning-based methods. This is because it involves training a substantial number of separate models with distinct hyperparameter values. In this paper, we propose a conditional image registration method and a new self-supervised learning paradigm for deep deformable image registration. By learning the conditional features that correlated with the regularization hyperparameter, we demonstrate that optimal solutions with arbitrary hyperparameters can be captured by a single deep convolutional neural network. In addition, the smoothness of the resulting deformation field can be manipulated with arbitrary strength of smoothness regularization during inference. Extensive experiments on a large-scale brain MRI dataset show that our proposed method enables the precise control of the smoothness of the deformation field without sacrificing the runtime advantage or registration accuracy.      
### 42.What makes visual place recognition easy or hard?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12671.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition is a fundamental capability for the localization of mobile robots. It places image retrieval in the practical context of physical agents operating in a physical world. It is an active field of research and many different approaches have been proposed and evaluated in many different experiments. In the following, we argue that due to variations of this practical context and individual design decisions, place recognition experiments are barely comparable across different papers and that there is a variety of properties that can change from one experiment to another. We provide an extensive list of such properties and give examples how they can be used to setup a place recognition experiment easier or harder. This might be interesting for different involved parties: (1) people who just want to select a place recognition approach that is suitable for the properties of their particular task at hand, (2) researchers that look for open research questions and are interested in particularly difficult instances, (3) authors that want to create reproducible papers on this topic, and (4) also reviewers that have the task to identify potential problems in papers under review.      
### 43.Human Activity Recognition using Continuous Wavelet Transform and Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12666.pdf)
>  Quite a few people in the world have to stay under permanent surveillance for health reasons; they include diabetic people or people with some other chronic conditions, the elderly and the disabled.These groups may face heightened risk of having life-threatening falls or of being struck by a syncope. Due to limited availability of resources a substantial part of people at risk can not receive necessary monitoring and thus are exposed to excessive danger. Nowadays, this problem is usually solved via applying Human Activity Recognition (HAR) methods. HAR is a perspective and fast-paced Data Science field, which has a wide range of application areas such as healthcare, sport, security etc. However, the currently techniques of recognition are markedly lacking in accuracy, hence, the present paper suggests a highly accurate method for human activity classification. Wepropose a new workflow to address the HAR problem and evaluate it on the UniMiB SHAR dataset, which consists of the accelerometer signals. The model we suggest is based on continuous wavelet transform (CWT) and convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Wavelet transform localizes signal features both in time and frequency domains and after that a CNN extracts these features and recognizes activity. It is also worth noting that CWT converts 1D accelerometer signal into 2D images and thus enables to obtain better results as 2D networks have a significantly higher predictive capacity. In the course of the work we build a convolutional neural network and vary such model parameters as number of spatial axes, number of layers, number of neurons in each layer, image size, type of mother wavelet, the order of zero moment of mother wavelet etc. Besides, we also apply models with residual blocks which resulted in significantly higher metric values. Finally, we succeed to reach 99.26 % accuracy and it is a worthy performance for this problem.      
### 44.Florida Wildlife Camera Trap Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12628.pdf)
>  Trail camera imagery has increasingly gained popularity amongst biologists for conservation and ecological research. Minimal human interference required to operate camera traps allows capturing unbiased species activities. Several studies - based on human and wildlife interactions, migratory patterns of various species, risk of extinction in endangered populations - are limited by the lack of rich data and the time-consuming nature of manually annotating trail camera imagery. We introduce a challenging wildlife camera trap classification dataset collected from two different locations in Southwestern Florida, consisting of 104,495 images featuring visually similar species, varying illumination conditions, skewed class distribution, and including samples of endangered species, i.e. Florida panthers. Experimental evaluations with ResNet-50 architecture indicate that this image classification-based dataset can further push the advancements in wildlife statistical modeling. We will make the dataset publicly available.      
### 45.IA-RED$^2$: Interpretability-Aware Redundancy Reduction for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12620.pdf)
>  The self-attention-based model, transformer, is recently becoming the leading backbone in the field of computer vision. In spite of the impressive success made by transformers in a variety of vision tasks, it still suffers from heavy computation and intensive memory cost. To address this limitation, this paper presents an Interpretability-Aware REDundancy REDuction framework (IA-RED$^2$). We start by observing a large amount of redundant computation, mainly spent on uncorrelated input patches, and then introduce an interpretable module to dynamically and gracefully drop these redundant patches. This novel framework is then extended to a hierarchical structure, where uncorrelated tokens at different stages are gradually removed, resulting in a considerable shrinkage of computational cost. We include extensive experiments on both image and video tasks, where our method could deliver up to 1.4X speed-up for state-of-the-art models like DeiT and TimeSformer, by only sacrificing less than 0.7% accuracy. More importantly, contrary to other acceleration approaches, our method is inherently interpretable with substantial visual evidence, making vision transformer closer to a more human-understandable architecture while being lighter. We demonstrate that the interpretability that naturally emerged in our framework can outperform the raw attention learned by the original visual transformer, as well as those generated by off-the-shelf interpretation methods, with both qualitative and quantitative results. Project Page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://people.csail.mit.edu/bpan/ia-red/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 46.Handwritten Digit Recognition using Machine and Deep Learning Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12614.pdf)
>  The reliance of humans over machines has never been so high such that from object classification in photographs to adding sound to silent movies everything can be performed with the help of deep learning and machine learning algorithms. Likewise, Handwritten text recognition is one of the significant areas of research and development with a streaming number of possibilities that could be attained. Handwriting recognition (HWR), also known as Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR), is the ability of a computer to receive and interpret intelligible handwritten input from sources such as paper documents, photographs, touch-screens and other devices [1]. Apparently, in this paper, we have performed handwritten digit recognition with the help of MNIST datasets using Support Vector Machines (SVM), Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) and Convolution Neural Network (CNN) models. Our main objective is to compare the accuracy of the models stated above along with their execution time to get the best possible model for digit recognition.      
### 47.Deep Fake Detection: Survey of Facial Manipulation Detection Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12605.pdf)
>  Deep Learning as a field has been successfully used to solve a plethora of complex problems, the likes of which we could not have imagined a few decades back. But as many benefits as it brings, there are still ways in which it can be used to bring harm to our society. Deep fakes have been proven to be one such problem, and now more than ever, when any individual can create a fake image or video simply using an application on the smartphone, there need to be some countermeasures, with which we can detect if the image or video is a fake or real and dispose of the problem threatening the trustworthiness of online information. Although the Deep fakes created by neural networks, may seem to be as real as a real image or video, it still leaves behind spatial and temporal traces or signatures after moderation, these signatures while being invisible to a human eye can be detected with the help of a neural network trained to specialize in Deep fake detection. In this paper, we analyze several such states of the art neural networks (MesoNet, ResNet-50, VGG-19, and Xception Net) and compare them against each other, to find an optimal solution for various scenarios like real-time deep fake detection to be deployed in online social media platforms where the classification should be made as fast as possible or for a small news agency where the classification need not be in real-time but requires utmost accuracy.      
### 48.Q-space Conditioned Translation Networks for Directional Synthesis of Diffusion Weighted Images from Multi-modal Structural MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13188.pdf)
>  Current deep learning approaches for diffusion MRI modeling circumvent the need for densely-sampled diffusion-weighted images (DWIs) by directly predicting microstructural indices from sparsely-sampled DWIs. However, they implicitly make unrealistic assumptions of static $q$-space sampling during training and reconstruction. Further, such approaches can restrict downstream usage of variably sampled DWIs for usages including the estimation of microstructural indices or tractography. We propose a generative adversarial translation framework for high-quality DWI synthesis with arbitrary $q$-space sampling given commonly acquired structural images (e.g., B0, T1, T2). Our translation network linearly modulates its internal representations conditioned on continuous $q$-space information, thus removing the need for fixed sampling schemes. Moreover, this approach enables downstream estimation of high-quality microstructural maps from arbitrarily subsampled DWIs, which may be particularly important in cases with sparsely sampled DWIs. Across several recent methodologies, the proposed approach yields improved DWI synthesis accuracy and fidelity with enhanced downstream utility as quantified by the accuracy of scalar microstructure indices estimated from the synthesized images. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mengweiren/q-space-conditioned-dwi-synthesis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Towards Fully Interpretable Deep Neural Networks: Are We There Yet?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13164.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable performance, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) behave as black-boxes hindering user trust in Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems. Research on opening black-box DNN can be broadly categorized into post-hoc methods and inherently interpretable DNNs. While many surveys have been conducted on post-hoc interpretation methods, little effort is devoted to inherently interpretable DNNs. This paper provides a review of existing methods to develop DNNs with intrinsic interpretability, with a focus on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). The aim is to understand the current progress towards fully interpretable DNNs that can cater to different interpretation requirements. Finally, we identify gaps in current work and suggest potential research directions.      
### 50.High-resolution Image Registration of Consecutive and Re-stained Sections in Histopathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13150.pdf)
>  We compare variational image registration in consectutive and re-stained sections from histopathology. We present a fully-automatic algorithm for non-parametric (nonlinear) image registration and apply it to a previously existing dataset from the ANHIR challenge (230 slide pairs, consecutive sections) and a new dataset (hybrid re-stained and consecutive, 81 slide pairs, ca. 3000 landmarks) which is made publicly available. Registration hyperparameters are obtained in the ANHIR dataset and applied to the new dataset without modification. In the new dataset, landmark errors after registration range from 13.2 micrometers for consecutive sections to 1 micrometer for re-stained sections. We observe that non-parametric registration leads to lower landmark errors in both cases, even though the effect is smaller in re-stained sections. The nucleus-level alignment after non-parametric registration of re-stained sections provides a valuable tool to generate automatic ground-truth for machine learning applications in histopathology.      
### 51.Advancing biological super-resolution microscopy through deep learning: a brief review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13064.pdf)
>  Super-resolution microscopy overcomes the diffraction limit of conventional light microscopy in spatial resolution. By providing novel spatial or spatio-temporal information on biological processes at nanometer resolution with molecular specificity, it plays an increasingly important role in life sciences. However, its technical limitations require trade-offs to balance its spatial resolution, temporal resolution, and light exposure of samples. Recently, deep learning has achieved breakthrough performance in many image processing and computer vision tasks. It has also shown great promise in pushing the performance envelope of super-resolution microscopy. In this brief Review, we survey recent advances in using deep learning to enhance performance of super-resolution microscopy. We focus primarily on how deep learning ad-vances reconstruction of super-resolution images. Related key technical challenges are discussed. Despite the challenges, deep learning is set to play an indispensable and transformative role in the development of super-resolution microscopy. We conclude with an outlook on how deep learning could shape the future of this new generation of light microscopy technology.      
### 52.AudioCLIP: Extending CLIP to Image, Text and Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13043.pdf)
>  In the past, the rapidly evolving field of sound classification greatly benefited from the application of methods from other domains. Today, we observe the trend to fuse domain-specific tasks and approaches together, which provides the community with new outstanding models. <br>In this work, we present an extension of the CLIP model that handles audio in addition to text and images. Our proposed model incorporates the ESResNeXt audio-model into the CLIP framework using the AudioSet dataset. Such a combination enables the proposed model to perform bimodal and unimodal classification and querying, while keeping CLIP's ability to generalize to unseen datasets in a zero-shot inference fashion. <br>AudioCLIP achieves new state-of-the-art results in the Environmental Sound Classification (ESC) task, out-performing other approaches by reaching accuracies of 90.07% on the UrbanSound8K and 97.15% on the ESC-50 datasets. Further it sets new baselines in the zero-shot ESC-task on the same datasets 68.78% and 69.40%, respectively). <br>Finally, we also assess the cross-modal querying performance of the proposed model as well as the influence of full and partial training on the results. For the sake of reproducibility, our code is published.      
### 53.Symmetric Wasserstein Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.13024.pdf)
>  Leveraging the framework of Optimal Transport, we introduce a new family of generative autoencoders with a learnable prior, called Symmetric Wasserstein Autoencoders (SWAEs). We propose to symmetrically match the joint distributions of the observed data and the latent representation induced by the encoder and the decoder. The resulting algorithm jointly optimizes the modelling losses in both the data and the latent spaces with the loss in the data space leading to the denoising effect. With the symmetric treatment of the data and the latent representation, the algorithm implicitly preserves the local structure of the data in the latent space. To further improve the quality of the latent representation, we incorporate a reconstruction loss into the objective, which significantly benefits both the generation and reconstruction. We empirically show the superior performance of SWAEs over the state-of-the-art generative autoencoders in terms of classification, reconstruction, and generation.      
### 54.Rate Distortion Characteristic Modeling for Neural Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12954.pdf)
>  End-to-end optimization capability offers neural image compression (NIC) superior lossy compression performance. However, distinct models are required to be trained to reach different points in the rate-distortion (R-D) space. In this paper, we consider the problem of R-D characteristic analysis and modeling for NIC. We make efforts to formulate the essential mathematical functions to describe the R-D behavior of NIC using deep network and statistical modeling. Thus continuous bit-rate points could be elegantly realized by leveraging such model via a single trained network. In this regard, we propose a plugin-in module to learn the relationship between the target bit-rate and the binary representation for the latent variable of auto-encoder. Furthermore, we model the rate and distortion characteristic of NIC as a function of the coding parameter $\lambda$ respectively. Our experiments show our proposed method is easy to adopt and obtains competitive coding performance with fixed-rate coding approaches, which would benefit the practical deployment of NIC. In addition, the proposed model could be applied to NIC rate control with limited bit-rate error using a single network.      
### 55.High Performance Hyperspectral Image Classification using Graphics Processing Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12942.pdf)
>  Real-time remote sensing applications like search and rescue missions, military target detection, environmental monitoring, hazard prevention and other time-critical applications require onboard real time processing capabilities or autonomous decision making. Some unmanned remote systems like satellites are physically remote from their operators, and all control of the spacecraft and data returned by the spacecraft must be transmitted over a wireless radio link. This link may not be available for extended periods when the satellite is out of line of sight of its ground station. Therefore, lightweight, small size and low power consumption hardware is essential for onboard real time processing systems. With increasing dimensionality, size and resolution of recent hyperspectral imaging sensors, additional challenges are posed upon remote sensing processing systems and more capable computing architectures are needed. Graphical Processing Units (GPUs) emerged as promising architecture for light weight high performance computing that can address these computational requirements for onboard systems. The goal of this study is to build high performance methods for onboard hyperspectral analysis. We propose accelerated methods for the well-known recursive hierarchical segmentation (RHSEG) clustering method, using GPUs, hybrid multicore CPU with a GPU and hybrid multi-core CPU/GPU clusters. RHSEG is a method developed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which is designed to provide rich classification information with several output levels. The achieved speedups by parallel solutions compared to CPU sequential implementations are 21x for parallel single GPU and 240x for hybrid multi-node computer clusters with 16 computing nodes. The energy consumption is reduced to 74% using a single GPU compared to the equivalent parallel CPU cluster.      
### 56.VinDr-SpineXR: A deep learning framework for spinal lesions detection and classification from radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12930.pdf)
>  Radiographs are used as the most important imaging tool for identifying spine anomalies in clinical practice. The evaluation of spinal bone lesions, however, is a challenging task for radiologists. This work aims at developing and evaluating a deep learning-based framework, named VinDr-SpineXR, for the classification and localization of abnormalities from spine X-rays. First, we build a large dataset, comprising 10,468 spine X-ray images from 5,000 studies, each of which is manually annotated by an experienced radiologist with bounding boxes around abnormal findings in 13 categories. Using this dataset, we then train a deep learning classifier to determine whether a spine scan is abnormal and a detector to localize 7 crucial findings amongst the total 13. The VinDr-SpineXR is evaluated on a test set of 2,078 images from 1,000 studies, which is kept separate from the training set. It demonstrates an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) of 88.61% (95% CI 87.19%, 90.02%) for the image-level classification task and a mean average precision (mAP@0.5) of 33.56% for the lesion-level localization task. These results serve as a proof of concept and set a baseline for future research in this direction. To encourage advances, the dataset, codes, and trained deep learning models are made publicly available.      
### 57.Continuous-Time Deep Glioma Growth Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12917.pdf)
>  The ability to estimate how a tumor might evolve in the future could have tremendous clinical benefits, from improved treatment decisions to better dose distribution in radiation therapy. Recent work has approached the glioma growth modeling problem via deep learning and variational inference, thus learning growth dynamics entirely from a real patient data distribution. So far, this approach was constrained to predefined image acquisition intervals and sequences of fixed length, which limits its applicability in more realistic scenarios. We overcome these limitations by extending Neural Processes, a class of conditional generative models for stochastic time series, with a hierarchical multi-scale representation encoding including a spatio-temporal attention mechanism. The result is a learned growth model that can be conditioned on an arbitrary number of observations, and that can produce a distribution of temporally consistent growth trajectories on a continuous time axis. On a dataset of 379 patients, the approach successfully captures both global and finer-grained variations in the images, exhibiting superior performance compared to other learned growth models.      
### 58.Long-term Cross Adversarial Training: A Robust Meta-learning Method for Few-shot Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12900.pdf)
>  Meta-learning model can quickly adapt to new tasks using few-shot labeled data. However, despite achieving good generalization on few-shot classification tasks, it is still challenging to improve the adversarial robustness of the meta-learning model in few-shot learning. Although adversarial training (AT) methods such as Adversarial Query (AQ) can improve the adversarially robust performance of meta-learning models, AT is still computationally expensive training. On the other hand, meta-learning models trained with AT will drop significant accuracy on the original clean images. This paper proposed a meta-learning method on the adversarially robust neural network called Long-term Cross Adversarial Training (LCAT). LCAT will update meta-learning model parameters cross along the natural and adversarial sample distribution direction with long-term to improve both adversarial and clean few-shot classification accuracy. Due to cross-adversarial training, LCAT only needs half of the adversarial training epoch than AQ, resulting in a low adversarial training computation. Experiment results show that LCAT achieves superior performance both on the clean and adversarial few-shot classification accuracy than SOTA adversarial training methods for meta-learning models.      
### 59.DCoM: A Deep Column Mapper for Semantic Data Type Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12871.pdf)
>  Detection of semantic data types is a very crucial task in data science for automated data cleaning, schema matching, data discovery, semantic data type normalization and sensitive data identification. Existing methods include regular expression-based or dictionary lookup-based methods that are not robust to dirty as well unseen data and are limited to a very less number of semantic data types to predict. Existing Machine Learning methods extract large number of engineered features from data and build logistic regression, random forest or feedforward neural network for this purpose. In this paper, we introduce DCoM, a collection of multi-input NLP-based deep neural networks to detect semantic data types where instead of extracting large number of features from the data, we feed the raw values of columns (or instances) to the model as texts. We train DCoM on 686,765 data columns extracted from VizNet corpus with 78 different semantic data types. DCoM outperforms other contemporary results with a quite significant margin on the same dataset.      
### 60.A Systematic Collection of Medical Image Datasets for Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12864.pdf)
>  The astounding success made by artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare and other fields proves that AI can achieve human-like performance. However, success always comes with challenges. Deep learning algorithms are data-dependent and require large datasets for training. The lack of data in the medical imaging field creates a bottleneck for the application of deep learning to medical image analysis. Medical image acquisition, annotation, and analysis are costly, and their usage is constrained by ethical restrictions. They also require many resources, such as human expertise and funding. That makes it difficult for non-medical researchers to have access to useful and large medical data. Thus, as comprehensive as possible, this paper provides a collection of medical image datasets with their associated challenges for deep learning research. We have collected information of around three hundred datasets and challenges mainly reported between 2013 and 2020 and categorized them into four categories: head &amp; neck, chest &amp; abdomen, pathology &amp; blood, and ``others''. Our paper has three purposes: 1) to provide a most up to date and complete list that can be used as a universal reference to easily find the datasets for clinical image analysis, 2) to guide researchers on the methodology to test and evaluate their methods' performance and robustness on relevant datasets, 3) to provide a ``route'' to relevant algorithms for the relevant medical topics, and challenge leaderboards.      
### 61.AVHYAS: A Free and Open Source QGIS Plugin for Advanced Hyperspectral Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12776.pdf)
>  Advanced Hyperspectral Data Analysis Software (AVHYAS) plugin is a python3 based quantum GIS (QGIS) plugin designed to process and analyse hyperspectral (Hx) images. It is developed to guarantee full usage of present and future Hx airborne or spaceborne sensors and provides access to advanced algorithms for Hx data processing. The software is freely available and offers a range of basic and advanced tools such as atmospheric correction (for airborne AVIRISNG image), standard processing tools as well as powerful machine learning and Deep Learning interfaces for Hx data analysis.      
### 62.A Global Appearance and Local Coding Distortion based Fusion Framework for CNN based Filtering in Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12746.pdf)
>  In-loop filtering is used in video coding to process the reconstructed frame in order to remove blocking artifacts. With the development of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), CNNs have been explored for in-loop filtering considering it can be treated as an image de-noising task. However, in addition to being a distorted image, the reconstructed frame is also obtained by a fixed line of block based encoding operations in video coding. It carries coding-unit based coding distortion of some similar characteristics. Therefore, in this paper, we address the filtering problem from two aspects, global appearance restoration for disrupted texture and local coding distortion restoration caused by fixed pipeline of coding. Accordingly, a three-stream global appearance and local coding distortion based fusion network is developed with a high-level global feature stream, a high-level local feature stream and a low-level local feature stream. Ablation study is conducted to validate the necessity of different features, demonstrating that the global features and local features can complement each other in filtering and achieve better performance when combined. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first one that clearly characterizes the video filtering process from the above global appearance and local coding distortion restoration aspects with experimental verification, providing a clear pathway to developing filter techniques. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method significantly outperforms the existing single-frame based methods and achieves 13.5%, 11.3%, 11.7% BD-Rate saving on average for AI, LDP and RA configurations, respectively, compared with the HEVC reference software.      
### 63.ATP-Net: An Attention-based Ternary Projection Network For Compressed Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.12728.pdf)
>  Compressed Sensing (CS) theory simultaneously realizes the signal sampling and compression process, and can use fewer observations to achieve accurate signal recovery, providing a solution for better and faster transmission of massive data. In this paper, a ternary sampling matrix-based method with attention mechanism is proposed with the purpose to solve the problem that the CS sampling matrices in most cases are random matrices, which are irrelative to the sampled signal and need a large storage space. The proposed method consists of three components, i.e., ternary sampling, initial reconstruction and deep reconstruction, with the emphasis on the ternary sampling. The main idea of the ternary method (-1, 0, +1) is to introduce the attention mechanism to evaluate the importance of parameters at the sampling layer after the sampling matrix is binarized (-1, +1), followed by pruning weight of parameters, whose importance is below a predefined threshold, to achieve ternarization. Furthermore, a compressed sensing algorithm especially for image reconstruction is implemented, on the basis of the ternary sampling matrix, which is called ATP-Net, i.e., Attention-based ternary projection network. Experimental results show that the quality of image reconstruction by means of ATP-Net maintains a satisfactory level with the employment of the ternary sampling matrix, i.e., the average PSNR on Set11 is 30.4 when the sampling rate is 0.25, approximately 6% improvement compared with that of DR2-Net.      
