# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Jun 2021
### 1.Semi-Supervised 3D Hand-Object Poses Estimation with Interactions in Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05266.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D hand and object pose from a single image is an extremely challenging problem: hands and objects are often self-occluded during interactions, and the 3D annotations are scarce as even humans cannot directly label the ground-truths from a single image perfectly. To tackle these challenges, we propose a unified framework for estimating the 3D hand and object poses with semi-supervised learning. We build a joint learning framework where we perform explicit contextual reasoning between hand and object representations by a Transformer. Going beyond limited 3D annotations in a single image, we leverage the spatial-temporal consistency in large-scale hand-object videos as a constraint for generating pseudo labels in semi-supervised learning. Our method not only improves hand pose estimation in challenging real-world dataset, but also substantially improve the object pose which has fewer ground-truths per instance. By training with large-scale diverse videos, our model also generalizes better across multiple out-of-domain datasets. Project page and code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://stevenlsw.github.io/Semi-Hand-Object" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.NeRF in detail: Learning to sample for view synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05264.pdf)
>  Neural radiance fields (NeRF) methods have demonstrated impressive novel view synthesis performance. The core approach is to render individual rays by querying a neural network at points sampled along the ray to obtain the density and colour of the sampled points, and integrating this information using the rendering equation. Since dense sampling is computationally prohibitive, a common solution is to perform coarse-to-fine sampling. <br>In this work we address a clear limitation of the vanilla coarse-to-fine approach -- that it is based on a heuristic and not trained end-to-end for the task at hand. We introduce a differentiable module that learns to propose samples and their importance for the fine network, and consider and compare multiple alternatives for its neural architecture. Training the proposal module from scratch can be unstable due to lack of supervision, so an effective pre-training strategy is also put forward. The approach, named `NeRF in detail' (NeRF-ID), achieves superior view synthesis quality over NeRF and the state-of-the-art on the synthetic Blender benchmark and on par or better performance on the real LLFF-NeRF scenes. Furthermore, by leveraging the predicted sample importance, a 25% saving in computation can be achieved without significantly sacrificing the rendering quality.      
### 3.We Can Always Catch You: Detecting Adversarial Patched Objects WITH or WITHOUT Signature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05261.pdf)
>  Recently, the object detection based on deep learning has proven to be vulnerable to adversarial patch attacks. The attackers holding a specially crafted patch can hide themselves from the state-of-the-art person detectors, e.g., YOLO, even in the physical world. This kind of attack can bring serious security threats, such as escaping from surveillance cameras. In this paper, we deeply explore the detection problems about the adversarial patch attacks to the object detection. First, we identify a leverageable signature of existing adversarial patches from the point of the visualization explanation. A fast signature-based defense method is proposed and demonstrated to be effective. Second, we design an improved patch generation algorithm to reveal the risk that the signature-based way may be bypassed by the techniques emerging in the future. The newly generated adversarial patches can successfully evade the proposed signature-based defense. Finally, we present a novel signature-independent detection method based on the internal content semantics consistency rather than any attack-specific prior knowledge. The fundamental intuition is that the adversarial object can appear locally but disappear globally in an input image. The experiments demonstrate that the signature-independent method can effectively detect the existing and improved attacks. It has also proven to be a general method by detecting unforeseen and even other types of attacks without any attack-specific prior knowledge. The two proposed detection methods can be adopted in different scenarios, and we believe that combining them can offer a comprehensive protection.      
### 4.Generative Models as a Data Source for Multiview Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05258.pdf)
>  Generative models are now capable of producing highly realistic images that look nearly indistinguishable from the data on which they are trained. This raises the question: if we have good enough generative models, do we still need datasets? We investigate this question in the setting of learning general-purpose visual representations from a black-box generative model rather than directly from data. Given an off-the-shelf image generator without any access to its training data, we train representations from the samples output by this generator. We compare several representation learning methods that can be applied to this setting, using the latent space of the generator to generate multiple "views" of the same semantic content. We show that for contrastive methods, this multiview data can naturally be used to identify positive pairs (nearby in latent space) and negative pairs (far apart in latent space). We find that the resulting representations rival those learned directly from real data, but that good performance requires care in the sampling strategy applied and the training method. Generative models can be viewed as a compressed and organized copy of a dataset, and we envision a future where more and more "model zoos" proliferate while datasets become increasingly unwieldy, missing, or private. This paper suggests several techniques for dealing with visual representation learning in such a future. Code is released on our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ali-design.github.io/GenRep/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.Knowledge distillation: A good teacher is patient and consistent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05237.pdf)
>  There is a growing discrepancy in computer vision between large-scale models that achieve state-of-the-art performance and models that are affordable in practical applications. In this paper we address this issue and significantly bridge the gap between these two types of models. Throughout our empirical investigation we do not aim to necessarily propose a new method, but strive to identify a robust and effective recipe for making state-of-the-art large scale models affordable in practice. We demonstrate that, when performed correctly, knowledge distillation can be a powerful tool for reducing the size of large models without compromising their performance. In particular, we uncover that there are certain implicit design choices, which may drastically affect the effectiveness of distillation. Our key contribution is the explicit identification of these design choices, which were not previously articulated in the literature. We back up our findings by a comprehensive empirical study, demonstrate compelling results on a wide range of vision datasets and, in particular, obtain a state-of-the-art ResNet-50 model for ImageNet, which achieves 82.8\% top-1 accuracy.      
### 6.Analysis of convolutional neural network image classifiers in a hierarchical max-pooling model with additional local pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05233.pdf)
>  Image classification is considered, and a hierarchical max-pooling model with additional local pooling is introduced. Here the additional local pooling enables the hierachical model to combine parts of the image which have a variable relative distance towards each other. Various convolutional neural network image classifiers are introduced and compared in view of their rate of convergence. The finite sample size performance of the estimates is analyzed by applying them to simulated and real data.      
### 7.An ordinal CNN approach for the assessment of neurological damage in Parkinson's disease patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05230.pdf)
>  3D image scans are an assessment tool for neurological damage in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients. This diagnosis process can be automatized to help medical staff through Decision Support Systems (DSSs), and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are good candidates, because they are effective when applied to spatial data. This paper proposes a 3D CNN ordinal model for assessing the level or neurological damage in PD patients. Given that CNNs need large datasets to achieve acceptable performance, a data augmentation method is adapted to work with spatial data. We consider the Ordinal Graph-based Oversampling via Shortest Paths (OGO-SP) method, which applies a gamma probability distribution for inter-class data generation. A modification of OGO-SP is proposed, the OGO-SP-$\beta$ algorithm, which applies the beta distribution for generating synthetic samples in the inter-class region, a better suited distribution when compared to gamma. The evaluation of the different methods is based on a novel 3D image dataset provided by the Hospital Universitario 'Reina Sofía' (Córdoba, Spain). We show how the ordinal methodology improves the performance with respect to the nominal one, and how OGO-SP-$\beta$ yields better performance than OGO-SP.      
### 8.A machine learning pipeline for aiding school identification from child trafficking images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05215.pdf)
>  Child trafficking in a serious problem around the world. Every year there are more than 4 million victims of child trafficking around the world, many of them for the purposes of child sexual exploitation. In collaboration with UK Police and a non-profit focused on child abuse prevention, Global Emancipation Network, we developed a proof-of-concept machine learning pipeline to aid the identification of children from intercepted images. In this work, we focus on images that contain children wearing school uniforms to identify the school of origin. In the absence of a machine learning pipeline, this hugely time consuming and labor intensive task is manually conducted by law enforcement personnel. Thus, by automating aspects of the school identification process, we hope to significantly impact the speed of this portion of child identification. Our proposed pipeline consists of two machine learning models: i) to identify whether an image of a child contains a school uniform in it, and ii) identification of attributes of different school uniform items (such as color/texture of shirts, sweaters, blazers etc.). We describe the data collection, labeling, model development and validation process, along with strategies for efficient searching of schools using the model predictions.      
### 9.Rethinking Space-Time Networks with Improved Memory Coverage for Efficient Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05210.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple yet effective approach to modeling space-time correspondences in the context of video object segmentation. Unlike most existing approaches, we establish correspondences directly between frames without re-encoding the mask features for every object, leading to a highly efficient and robust framework. With the correspondences, every node in the current query frame is inferred by aggregating features from the past in an associative fashion. We cast the aggregation process as a voting problem and find that the existing inner-product affinity leads to poor use of memory with a small (fixed) subset of memory nodes dominating the votes, regardless of the query. In light of this phenomenon, we propose using the negative squared Euclidean distance instead to compute the affinities. We validated that every memory node now has a chance to contribute, and experimentally showed that such diversified voting is beneficial to both memory efficiency and inference accuracy. The synergy of correspondence networks and diversified voting works exceedingly well, achieves new state-of-the-art results on both DAVIS and YouTubeVOS datasets while running significantly faster at 20+ FPS for multiple objects without bells and whistles.      
### 10.Distilling Image Classifiers in Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05209.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation constitutes a simple yet effective way to improve the performance of a compact student network by exploiting the knowledge of a more powerful teacher. Nevertheless, the knowledge distillation literature remains limited to the scenario where the student and the teacher tackle the same task. Here, we investigate the problem of transferring knowledge not only across architectures but also across tasks. To this end, we study the case of object detection and, instead of following the standard detector-to-detector distillation approach, introduce a classifier-to-detector knowledge transfer framework. In particular, we propose strategies to exploit the classification teacher to improve both the detector's recognition accuracy and localization performance. Our experiments on several detectors with different backbones demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, allowing us to outperform the state-of-the-art detector-to-detector distillation methods.      
### 11.Geometry-Consistent Neural Shape Representation with Implicit Displacement Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05187.pdf)
>  We present implicit displacement fields, a novel representation for detailed 3D geometry. Inspired by a classic surface deformation technique, displacement mapping, our method represents a complex surface as a smooth base surface plus a displacement along the base's normal directions, resulting in a frequency-based shape decomposition, where the high frequency signal is constrained geometrically by the low frequency signal. Importantly, this disentanglement is unsupervised thanks to a tailored architectural design that has an innate frequency hierarchy by construction. We explore implicit displacement field surface reconstruction and detail transfer and demonstrate superior representational power, training stability and generalizability.      
### 12.Learning to Rank Words: Optimizing Ranking Metrics for Word Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05144.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore and evaluate the use of ranking-based objective functions for learning simultaneously a word string and a word image encoder. We consider retrieval frameworks in which the user expects a retrieval list ranked according to a defined relevance score. In the context of a word spotting problem, the relevance score has been set according to the string edit distance from the query string. We experimentally demonstrate the competitive performance of the proposed model on query-by-string word spotting for both, handwritten and real scene word images. We also provide the results for query-by-example word spotting, although it is not the main focus of this work.      
### 13.PCNet: A Structure Similarity Enhancement Method for Multispectral and Multimodal Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05124.pdf)
>  Multispectral and multimodal image processing is important in the community of computer vision and computational photography. As the acquired multispectral and multimodal data are generally misaligned due to the alternation or movement of the image device, the image registration procedure is necessary. The registration of multispectral or multimodal image is challenging due to the non-linear intensity and gradient variation. To cope with this challenge, we propose the phase congruency network (PCNet), which is able to enhance the structure similarity and alleviate the non-linear intensity and gradient variation. The images can then be aligned using the similarity enhanced features produced by the network. PCNet is constructed under the guidance of the phase congruency prior. The network contains three trainable layers accompany with the modified learnable Gabor kernels according to the phase congruency theory. Thanks to the prior knowledge, PCNet is extremely light-weight and can be trained on quite a small amount of multispectral data. PCNet can be viewed to be fully convolutional and hence can take input of arbitrary sizes. Once trained, PCNet is applicable on a variety of multispectral and multimodal data such as RGB/NIR and flash/no-flash images without additional further tuning. Experimental results validate that PCNet outperforms current state-of-the-art registration algorithms, including the deep-learning based ones that have the number of parameters hundreds times compared to PCNet. Thanks to the similarity enhancement training, PCNet outperforms the original phase congruency algorithm with two-thirds less feature channels.      
### 14.Grounding inductive biases in natural images:invariance stems from variations in data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05121.pdf)
>  To perform well on unseen and potentially out-of-distribution samples, it is desirable for machine learning models to have a predictable response with respect to transformations affecting the factors of variation of the input. Invariance is commonly achieved through hand-engineered data augmentation, but do standard data augmentations address transformations that explain variations in real data? While prior work has focused on synthetic data, we attempt here to characterize the factors of variation in a real dataset, ImageNet, and study the invariance of both standard residual networks and the recently proposed vision transformer with respect to changes in these factors. We show standard augmentation relies on a precise combination of translation and scale, with translation recapturing most of the performance improvement -- despite the (approximate) translation invariance built in to convolutional architectures, such as residual networks. In fact, we found that scale and translation invariance was similar across residual networks and vision transformer models despite their markedly different inductive biases. We show the training data itself is the main source of invariance, and that data augmentation only further increases the learned invariances. Interestingly, the invariances brought from the training process align with the ImageNet factors of variation we found. Finally, we find that the main factors of variation in ImageNet mostly relate to appearance and are specific to each class.      
### 15.More than meets the eye: Self-supervised depth reconstruction from brain activity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05113.pdf)
>  In the past few years, significant advancements were made in reconstruction of observed natural images from fMRI brain recordings using deep-learning tools. Here, for the first time, we show that dense 3D depth maps of observed 2D natural images can also be recovered directly from fMRI brain recordings. We use an off-the-shelf method to estimate the unknown depth maps of natural images. This is applied to both: (i) the small number of images presented to subjects in an fMRI scanner (images for which we have fMRI recordings - referred to as "paired" data), and (ii) a very large number of natural images with no fMRI recordings ("unpaired data"). The estimated depth maps are then used as an auxiliary reconstruction criterion to train for depth reconstruction directly from fMRI. We propose two main approaches: Depth-only recovery and joint image-depth RGBD recovery. Because the number of available "paired" training data (images with fMRI) is small, we enrich the training data via self-supervised cycle-consistent training on many "unpaired" data (natural images &amp; depth maps without fMRI). This is achieved using our newly defined and trained Depth-based Perceptual Similarity metric as a reconstruction criterion. We show that predicting the depth map directly from fMRI outperforms its indirect sequential recovery from the reconstructed images. We further show that activations from early cortical visual areas dominate our depth reconstruction results, and propose means to characterize fMRI voxels by their degree of depth-information tuning. This work adds an important layer of decoded information, extending the current envelope of visual brain decoding capabilities.      
### 16.An Efficient Point of Gaze Estimator for Low-Resolution Imaging Systems Using Extracted Ocular Features Based Neural Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05106.pdf)
>  A user's eyes provide means for Human Computer Interaction (HCI) research as an important modal. The time to time scientific explorations of the eye has already seen an upsurge of the benefits in HCI applications from gaze estimation to the measure of attentiveness of a user looking at a screen for a given time period. The eye tracking system as an assisting, interactive tool can be incorporated by physically disabled individuals, fitted best for those who have eyes as only a limited set of communication. The threefold objective of this paper is - 1. To introduce a neural network based architecture to predict users' gaze at 9 positions displayed in the 11.31° visual range on the screen, through a low resolution based system such as a webcam in real time by learning various aspects of eyes as an ocular feature set. 2.A collection of coarsely supervised feature set obtained in real time which is also validated through the user case study presented in the paper for 21 individuals ( 17 men and 4 women ) from whom a 35k set of instances was derived with an accuracy score of 82.36% and f1_score of 82.2% and 3.A detailed study over applicability and underlying challenges of such systems. The experimental results verify the feasibility and validity of the proposed eye gaze tracking model.      
### 17.ST++: Make Self-training Work Better for Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05095.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate if we could make the self-training -- a simple but popular framework -- work better for semi-supervised segmentation. Since the core issue in semi-supervised setting lies in effective and efficient utilization of unlabeled data, we notice that increasing the diversity and hardness of unlabeled data is crucial to performance improvement. Being aware of this fact, we propose to adopt the most plain self-training scheme coupled with appropriate strong data augmentations on unlabeled data (namely ST) for this task, which surprisingly outperforms previous methods under various settings without any bells and whistles. Moreover, to alleviate the negative impact of the wrongly pseudo labeled images, we further propose an advanced self-training framework (namely ST++), that performs selective re-training via selecting and prioritizing the more reliable unlabeled images. As a result, the proposed ST++ boosts the performance of semi-supervised model significantly and surpasses existing methods by a large margin on the Pascal VOC 2012 and Cityscapes benchmark. Overall, we hope this straightforward and simple framework will serve as a strong baseline or competitor for future works. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LiheYoung/ST-PlusPlus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Semi-supervised lane detection with Deep Hough Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05094.pdf)
>  Current work on lane detection relies on large manually annotated datasets. We reduce the dependency on annotations by leveraging massive cheaply available unlabelled data. We propose a novel loss function exploiting geometric knowledge of lanes in Hough space, where a lane can be identified as a local maximum. By splitting lanes into separate channels, we can localize each lane via simple global max-pooling. The location of the maximum encodes the layout of a lane, while the intensity indicates the the probability of a lane being present. Maximizing the log-probability of the maximal bins helps neural networks find lanes without labels. On the CULane and TuSimple datasets, we show that the proposed Hough Transform loss improves performance significantly by learning from large amounts of unlabelled images.      
### 19.Agile wide-field imaging with selective high resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05082.pdf)
>  Wide-field and high-resolution (HR) imaging is essential for various applications such as aviation reconnaissance, topographic mapping and safety monitoring. The existing techniques require a large-scale detector array to capture HR images of the whole field, resulting in high complexity and heavy cost. In this work, we report an agile wide-field imaging framework with selective high resolution that requires only two detectors. It builds on the statistical sparsity prior of natural scenes that the important targets locate only at small regions of interests (ROI), instead of the whole field. Under this assumption, we use a short-focal camera to image wide field with a certain low resolution, and use a long-focal camera to acquire the HR images of ROI. To automatically locate ROI in the wide field in real time, we propose an efficient deep-learning based multiscale registration method that is robust and blind to the large setting differences (focal, white balance, etc) between the two cameras. Using the registered location, the long-focal camera mounted on a gimbal enables real-time tracking of the ROI for continuous HR imaging. We demonstrated the novel imaging framework by building a proof-of-concept setup with only 1181 gram weight, and assembled it on an unmanned aerial vehicle for air-to-ground monitoring. Experiments show that the setup maintains 120$^{\circ}$ wide field-of-view (FOV) with selective 0.45$mrad$ instantaneous FOV.      
### 20.Towards Training Stronger Video Vision Transformers for EPIC-KITCHENS-100 Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05058.pdf)
>  With the recent surge in the research of vision transformers, they have demonstrated remarkable potential for various challenging computer vision applications, such as image recognition, point cloud classification as well as video understanding. In this paper, we present empirical results for training a stronger video vision transformer on the EPIC-KITCHENS-100 Action Recognition dataset. Specifically, we explore training techniques for video vision transformers, such as augmentations, resolutions as well as initialization, etc. With our training recipe, a single ViViT model achieves the performance of 47.4\% on the validation set of EPIC-KITCHENS-100 dataset, outperforming what is reported in the original paper by 3.4%. We found that video transformers are especially good at predicting the noun in the verb-noun action prediction task. This makes the overall action prediction accuracy of video transformers notably higher than convolutional ones. Surprisingly, even the best video transformers underperform the convolutional networks on the verb prediction. Therefore, we combine the video vision transformers and some of the convolutional video networks and present our solution to the EPIC-KITCHENS-100 Action Recognition competition.      
### 21.Salient Object Ranking with Position-Preserved Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05047.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation can detect where the objects are in an image, but hard to understand the relationship between them. We pay attention to a typical relationship, relative saliency. A closely related task, salient object detection, predicts a binary map highlighting a visually salient region while hard to distinguish multiple objects. Directly combining two tasks by post-processing also leads to poor performance. There is a lack of research on relative saliency at present, limiting the practical applications such as content-aware image cropping, video summary, and image labeling. <br>In this paper, we study the Salient Object Ranking (SOR) task, which manages to assign a ranking order of each detected object according to its visual saliency. We propose the first end-to-end framework of the SOR task and solve it in a multi-task learning fashion. The framework handles instance segmentation and salient object ranking simultaneously. In this framework, the SOR branch is independent and flexible to cooperate with different detection methods, so that easy to use as a plugin. We also introduce a Position-Preserved Attention (PPA) module tailored for the SOR branch. It consists of the position embedding stage and feature interaction stage. Considering the importance of position in saliency comparison, we preserve absolute coordinates of objects in ROI pooling operation and then fuse positional information with semantic features in the first stage. In the feature interaction stage, we apply the attention mechanism to obtain proposals' contextualized representations to predict their relative ranking orders. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the ASR dataset. Without bells and whistles, our proposed method outperforms the former state-of-the-art method significantly. The code will be released publicly available.      
### 22.Towards Defending against Adversarial Examples via Attack-Invariant Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05036.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial noise. Their adversarial robustness can be improved by exploiting adversarial examples. However, given the continuously evolving attacks, models trained on seen types of adversarial examples generally cannot generalize well to unseen types of adversarial examples. To solve this problem, in this paper, we propose to remove adversarial noise by learning generalizable invariant features across attacks which maintain semantic classification information. Specifically, we introduce an adversarial feature learning mechanism to disentangle invariant features from adversarial noise. A normalization term has been proposed in the encoded space of the attack-invariant features to address the bias issue between the seen and unseen types of attacks. Empirical evaluations demonstrate that our method could provide better protection in comparison to previous state-of-the-art approaches, especially against unseen types of attacks and adaptive attacks.      
### 23.Dual-Modality Vehicle Anomaly Detection via Bilateral Trajectory Tracing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05003.pdf)
>  Traffic anomaly detection has played a crucial role in Intelligent Transportation System (ITS). The main challenges of this task lie in the highly diversified anomaly scenes and variational lighting conditions. Although much work has managed to identify the anomaly in homogenous weather and scene, few resolved to cope with complex ones. In this paper, we proposed a dual-modality modularized methodology for the robust detection of abnormal vehicles. We introduced an integrated anomaly detection framework comprising the following modules: background modeling, vehicle tracking with detection, mask construction, Region of Interest (ROI) backtracking, and dual-modality tracing. Concretely, we employed background modeling to filter the motion information and left the static information for later vehicle detection. For the vehicle detection and tracking module, we adopted YOLOv5 and multi-scale tracking to localize the anomalies. Besides, we utilized the frame difference and tracking results to identify the road and obtain the mask. In addition, we introduced multiple similarity estimation metrics to refine the anomaly period via backtracking. Finally, we proposed a dual-modality bilateral tracing module to refine the time further. The experiments conducted on the Track 4 testset of the NVIDIA 2021 AI City Challenge yielded a result of 0.9302 F1-Score and 3.4039 root mean square error (RMSE), indicating the effectiveness of our framework.      
### 24.Salient Positions based Attention Network for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04996.pdf)
>  The self-attention mechanism has attracted wide publicity for its most important advantage of modeling long dependency, and its variations in computer vision tasks, the non-local block tries to model the global dependency of the input feature maps. Gathering global contextual information will inevitably need a tremendous amount of memory and computing resources, which has been extensively studied in the past several years. However, there is a further problem with the self-attention scheme: is all information gathered from the global scope helpful for the contextual modelling? To our knowledge, few studies have focused on the problem. Aimed at both questions this paper proposes the salient positions-based attention scheme SPANet, which is inspired by some interesting observations on the attention maps and affinity matrices generated in self-attention scheme. We believe these observations are beneficial for better understanding of the self-attention. SPANet uses the salient positions selection algorithm to select only a limited amount of salient points to attend in the attention map computing. This approach will not only spare a lot of memory and computing resources, but also try to distill the positive information from the transformation of the input feature maps. In the implementation, considering the feature maps with channel high dimensions, which are completely different from the general visual image, we take the squared power of the feature maps along the channel dimension as the saliency metric of the positions. In general, different from the non-local block method, SPANet models the contextual information using only the selected positions instead of all, along the channel dimension instead of space dimension. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/likyoo/SPANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.CLCC: Contrastive Learning for Color Constancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04989.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present CLCC, a novel contrastive learning framework for color constancy. Contrastive learning has been applied for learning high-quality visual representations for image classification. One key aspect to yield useful representations for image classification is to design illuminant invariant augmentations. However, the illuminant invariant assumption conflicts with the nature of the color constancy task, which aims to estimate the illuminant given a raw image. Therefore, we construct effective contrastive pairs for learning better illuminant-dependent features via a novel raw-domain color augmentation. On the NUS-8 dataset, our method provides $17.5\%$ relative improvements over a strong baseline, reaching state-of-the-art performance without increasing model complexity. Furthermore, our method achieves competitive performance on the Gehler dataset with $3\times$ fewer parameters compared to top-ranking deep learning methods. More importantly, we show that our model is more robust to different scenes under close proximity of illuminants, significantly reducing $28.7\%$ worst-case error in data-sparse regions.      
### 26.Towards Explainable Abnormal Infant Movements Identification: A Body-part Based Prediction and Visualisation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04966.pdf)
>  Providing early diagnosis of cerebral palsy (CP) is key to enhancing the developmental outcomes for those affected. Diagnostic tools such as the General Movements Assessment (GMA), have produced promising results in early diagnosis, however these manual methods can be laborious. <br>In this paper, we propose a new framework for the automated classification of infant body movements, based upon the GMA, which unlike previous methods, also incorporates a visualization framework to aid with interpretability. Our proposed framework segments extracted features to detect the presence of Fidgety Movements (FMs) associated with the GMA spatiotemporally. These features are then used to identify the body-parts with the greatest contribution towards a classification decision and highlight the related body-part segment providing visual feedback to the user. <br>We quantitatively compare the proposed framework's classification performance with several other methods from the literature and qualitatively evaluate the visualization's veracity. Our experimental results show that the proposed method performs more robustly than comparable techniques in this setting whilst simultaneously providing relevant visual interpretability.      
### 27.Real Time Egocentric Object Segmentation: THU-READ Labeling and Benchmarking Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04957.pdf)
>  Egocentric segmentation has attracted recent interest in the computer vision community due to their potential in Mixed Reality (MR) applications. While most previous works have been focused on segmenting egocentric human body parts (mainly hands), little attention has been given to egocentric objects. Due to the lack of datasets of pixel-wise annotations of egocentric objects, in this paper we contribute with a semantic-wise labeling of a subset of 2124 images from the RGB-D THU-READ Dataset. We also report benchmarking results using Thundernet, a real-time semantic segmentation network, that could allow future integration with end-to-end MR applications.      
### 28.Self-supervision of Feature Transformation for Further Improving Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04922.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning, which benefits from automatically constructing labels through pre-designed pretext task, has recently been applied for strengthen supervised learning. Since previous self-supervised pretext tasks are based on input, they may incur huge additional training overhead. In this paper we find that features in CNNs can be also used for self-supervision. Thus we creatively design the \emph{feature-based pretext task} which requires only a small amount of additional training overhead. In our task we discard different particular regions of features, and then train the model to distinguish these different features. In order to fully apply our feature-based pretext task in supervised learning, we also propose a novel learning framework containing multi-classifiers for further improvement. Original labels will be expanded to joint labels via self-supervision of feature transformations. With more semantic information provided by our self-supervised tasks, this approach can train CNNs more effectively. Extensive experiments on various supervised learning tasks demonstrate the accuracy improvement and wide applicability of our method.      
### 29.Self-supervised Feature Enhancement: Applying Internal Pretext Task to Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04921.pdf)
>  Traditional self-supervised learning requires CNNs using external pretext tasks (i.e., image- or video-based tasks) to encode high-level semantic visual representations. In this paper, we show that feature transformations within CNNs can also be regarded as supervisory signals to construct the self-supervised task, called \emph{internal pretext task}. And such a task can be applied for the enhancement of supervised learning. Specifically, we first transform the internal feature maps by discarding different channels, and then define an additional internal pretext task to identify the discarded channels. CNNs are trained to predict the joint labels generated by the combination of self-supervised labels and original labels. By doing so, we let CNNs know which channels are missing while classifying in the hope to mine richer feature information. Extensive experiments show that our approach is effective on various models and datasets. And it's worth noting that we only incur negligible computational overhead. Furthermore, our approach can also be compatible with other methods to get better results.      
### 30.Cervical Cytology Classification Using PCA &amp; GWO Enhanced Deep Features Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04919.pdf)
>  Cervical cancer is one of the most deadly and common diseases among women worldwide. It is completely curable if diagnosed in an early stage, but the tedious and costly detection procedure makes it unviable to conduct population-wise screening. Thus, to augment the effort of the clinicians, in this paper, we propose a fully automated framework that utilizes Deep Learning and feature selection using evolutionary optimization for cytology image classification. The proposed framework extracts Deep feature from several Convolution Neural Network models and uses a two-step feature reduction approach to ensure reduction in computation cost and faster convergence. The features extracted from the CNN models form a large feature space whose dimensionality is reduced using Principal Component Analysis while preserving 99% of the variance. A non-redundant, optimal feature subset is selected from this feature space using an evolutionary optimization algorithm, the Grey Wolf Optimizer, thus improving the classification performance. Finally, the selected feature subset is used to train an SVM classifier for generating the final predictions. The proposed framework is evaluated on three publicly available benchmark datasets: Mendeley Liquid Based Cytology (4-class) dataset, Herlev Pap Smear (7-class) dataset, and the SIPaKMeD Pap Smear (5-class) dataset achieving classification accuracies of 99.47%, 98.32% and 97.87% respectively, thus justifying the reliability of the approach. The relevant codes for the proposed approach can be found in: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DVLP-CMATERJU/Two-Step-Feature-Enhancement" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 31.Exploiting Learned Symmetries in Group Equivariant Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04914.pdf)
>  Group Equivariant Convolutions (GConvs) enable convolutional neural networks to be equivariant to various transformation groups, but at an additional parameter and compute cost. We investigate the filter parameters learned by GConvs and find certain conditions under which they become highly redundant. We show that GConvs can be efficiently decomposed into depthwise separable convolutions while preserving equivariance properties and demonstrate improved performance and data efficiency on two datasets. All code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/Attila94/SepGrouPy" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 32.Deep Tiny Network for Recognition-Oriented Face Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04852.pdf)
>  Face recognition has made significant progress in recent years due to deep convolutional neural networks (CNN). In many face recognition (FR) scenarios, face images are acquired from a sequence with huge intra-variations. These intra-variations, which are mainly affected by the low-quality face images, cause instability of recognition performance. Previous works have focused on ad-hoc methods to select frames from a video or use face image quality assessment (FIQA) methods, which consider only a particular or combination of several distortions. <br>In this work, we present an efficient non-reference image quality assessment for FR that directly links image quality assessment (IQA) and FR. More specifically, we propose a new measurement to evaluate image quality without any reference. Based on the proposed quality measurement, we propose a deep Tiny Face Quality network (tinyFQnet) to learn a quality prediction function from data. <br>We evaluate the proposed method for different powerful FR models on two classical video-based (or template-based) benchmark: IJB-B and YTF. Extensive experiments show that, although the tinyFQnet is much smaller than the others, the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art quality assessment methods in terms of effectiveness and efficiency.      
### 33.Tracking by Joint Local and Global Search: A Target-aware Attention based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04840.pdf)
>  Tracking-by-detection is a very popular framework for single object tracking which attempts to search the target object within a local search window for each frame. Although such local search mechanism works well on simple videos, however, it makes the trackers sensitive to extremely challenging scenarios, such as heavy occlusion and fast motion. In this paper, we propose a novel and general target-aware attention mechanism (termed TANet) and integrate it with tracking-by-detection framework to conduct joint local and global search for robust tracking. Specifically, we extract the features of target object patch and continuous video frames, then we concatenate and feed them into a decoder network to generate target-aware global attention maps. More importantly, we resort to adversarial training for better attention prediction. The appearance and motion discriminator networks are designed to ensure its consistency in spatial and temporal views. In the tracking procedure, we integrate the target-aware attention with multiple trackers by exploring candidate search regions for robust tracking. Extensive experiments on both short-term and long-term tracking benchmark datasets all validated the effectiveness of our algorithm. The project page of this paper can be found at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/globalattentiontracking/home/extend" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 34.CoAtNet: Marrying Convolution and Attention for All Data Sizes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04803.pdf)
>  Transformers have attracted increasing interests in computer vision, but they still fall behind state-of-the-art convolutional networks. In this work, we show that while Transformers tend to have larger model capacity, their generalization can be worse than convolutional networks due to the lack of the right inductive bias. To effectively combine the strengths from both architectures, we present CoAtNets(pronounced "coat" nets), a family of hybrid models built from two key insights:(1) depthwise Convolution and self-Attention can be naturally unified via simple relative attention; (2) vertically stacking convolution layers and attention layers in a principled way is surprisingly effective in improving generalization, capacity and efficiency. Experiments show that our CoAtNets achieve state-of-the-art performance under different resource constraints across various datasets. For example, CoAtNet achieves 86.0% ImageNet top-1 accuracy without extra data, and 89.77% with extra JFT data, outperforming prior arts of both convolutional networks and Transformers. Notably, when pre-trained with 13M images fromImageNet-21K, our CoAtNet achieves 88.56% top-1 accuracy, matching ViT-huge pre-trained with 300M images from JFT while using 23x less data.      
### 35.Point Cloud Upsampling via Disentangled Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04779.pdf)
>  Point clouds produced by 3D scanning are often sparse, non-uniform, and noisy. Recent upsampling approaches aim to generate a dense point set, while achieving both distribution uniformity and proximity-to-surface, and possibly amending small holes, all in a single network. After revisiting the task, we propose to disentangle the task based on its multi-objective nature and formulate two cascaded sub-networks, a dense generator and a spatial refiner. The dense generator infers a coarse but dense output that roughly describes the underlying surface, while the spatial refiner further fine-tunes the coarse output by adjusting the location of each point. Specifically, we design a pair of local and global refinement units in the spatial refiner to evolve a coarse feature map. Also, in the spatial refiner, we regress a per-point offset vector to further adjust the coarse outputs in fine-scale. Extensive qualitative and quantitative results on both synthetic and real-scanned datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method over the state-of-the-arts.      
### 36.SHARP: Shape-Aware Reconstruction of People In Loose Clothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04778.pdf)
>  3D human body reconstruction from monocular images is an interesting and ill-posed problem in computer vision with wider applications in multiple domains. In this paper, we propose SHARP, a novel end-to-end trainable network that accurately recovers the detailed geometry and appearance of 3D people in loose clothing from a monocular image. We propose a sparse and efficient fusion of a parametric body prior with a non-parametric peeled depth map representation of clothed models. The parametric body prior constraints our model in two ways: first, the network retains geometrically consistent body parts that are not occluded by clothing, and second, it provides a body shape context that improves prediction of the peeled depth maps. This enables SHARP to recover fine-grained 3D geometrical details with just L1 losses on the 2D maps, given an input image. We evaluate SHARP on publicly available Cloth3D and THuman datasets and report superior performance to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 37.VALUE: A Multi-Task Benchmark for Video-and-Language Understanding Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04632.pdf)
>  Most existing video-and-language (VidL) research focuses on a single dataset, or multiple datasets of a single task. In reality, a truly useful VidL system is expected to be easily generalizable to diverse tasks, domains, and datasets. To facilitate the evaluation of such systems, we introduce Video-And-Language Understanding Evaluation (VALUE) benchmark, an assemblage of 11 VidL datasets over 3 popular tasks: (i) text-to-video retrieval; (ii) video question answering; and (iii) video captioning. VALUE benchmark aims to cover a broad range of video genres, video lengths, data volumes, and task difficulty levels. Rather than focusing on single-channel videos with visual information only, VALUE promotes models that leverage information from both video frames and their associated subtitles, as well as models that share knowledge across multiple tasks. We evaluate various baseline methods with and without large-scale VidL pre-training, and systematically investigate the impact of video input channels, fusion methods, and different video representations. We also study the transferability between tasks, and conduct multi-task learning under different settings. The significant gap between our best model and human performance calls for future study for advanced VidL models. VALUE is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://value-leaderboard.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.PAM: Understanding Product Images in Cross Product Category Attribute Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04630.pdf)
>  Understanding product attributes plays an important role in improving online shopping experience for customers and serves as an integral part for constructing a product knowledge graph. Most existing methods focus on attribute extraction from text description or utilize visual information from product images such as shape and color. Compared to the inputs considered in prior works, a product image in fact contains more information, represented by a rich mixture of words and visual clues with a layout carefully designed to impress customers. This work proposes a more inclusive framework that fully utilizes these different modalities for attribute extraction. Inspired by recent works in visual question answering, we use a transformer based sequence to sequence model to fuse representations of product text, Optical Character Recognition (OCR) tokens and visual objects detected in the product image. The framework is further extended with the capability to extract attribute value across multiple product categories with a single model, by training the decoder to predict both product category and attribute value and conditioning its output on product category. The model provides a unified attribute extraction solution desirable at an e-commerce platform that offers numerous product categories with a diverse body of product attributes. We evaluated the model on two product attributes, one with many possible values and one with a small set of possible values, over 14 product categories and found the model could achieve 15% gain on the Recall and 10% gain on the F1 score compared to existing methods using text-only features.      
### 39.Check It Again: Progressive Visual Question Answering via Visual Entailment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04605.pdf)
>  While sophisticated Visual Question Answering models have achieved remarkable success, they tend to answer questions only according to superficial correlations between question and answer. Several recent approaches have been developed to address this language priors problem. However, most of them predict the correct answer according to one best output without checking the authenticity of answers. Besides, they only explore the interaction between image and question, ignoring the semantics of candidate answers. In this paper, we propose a select-and-rerank (SAR) progressive framework based on Visual Entailment. Specifically, we first select the candidate answers relevant to the question or the image, then we rerank the candidate answers by a visual entailment task, which verifies whether the image semantically entails the synthetic statement of the question and each candidate answer. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our proposed framework, which establishes a new state-of-the-art accuracy on VQA-CP v2 with a 7.55% improvement.      
### 40.Multi-Facet Clustering Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05241.pdf)
>  Work in deep clustering focuses on finding a single partition of data. However, high-dimensional data, such as images, typically feature multiple interesting characteristics one could cluster over. For example, images of objects against a background could be clustered over the shape of the object and separately by the colour of the background. In this paper, we introduce Multi-Facet Clustering Variational Autoencoders (MFCVAE), a novel class of variational autoencoders with a hierarchy of latent variables, each with a Mixture-of-Gaussians prior, that learns multiple clusterings simultaneously, and is trained fully unsupervised and end-to-end. MFCVAE uses a progressively-trained ladder architecture which leads to highly stable performance. We provide novel theoretical results for optimising the ELBO analytically with respect to the categorical variational posterior distribution, and corrects earlier influential theoretical work. On image benchmarks, we demonstrate that our approach separates out and clusters over different aspects of the data in a disentangled manner. We also show other advantages of our model: the compositionality of its latent space and that it provides controlled generation of samples.      
### 41.I Don't Need $\mathbf{u}$: Identifiable Non-Linear ICA Without Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05238.pdf)
>  In this work we introduce a new approach for identifiable non-linear ICA models. Recently there has been a renaissance in identifiability results in deep generative models, not least for non-linear ICA. These prior works, however, have assumed access to a sufficiently-informative auxiliary set of observations, denoted $\mathbf{u}$. We show here how identifiability can be obtained in the absence of this side-information, rendering possible fully-unsupervised identifiable non-linear ICA. While previous theoretical results have established the impossibility of identifiable non-linear ICA in the presence of infinitely-flexible universal function approximators, here we rely on the intrinsically-finite modelling capacity of any particular chosen parameterisation of a deep generative model. In particular, we focus on generative models which perform clustering in their latent space -- a model structure which matches previous identifiable models, but with the learnt clustering providing a synthetic form of auxiliary information. We evaluate our proposals using VAEs, on synthetic and image datasets, and find that the learned clusterings function effectively: deep generative models with latent clusterings are empirically identifiable, to the same degree as models which rely on side information.      
### 42.Implicit field learning for unsupervised anomaly detection in medical images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05214.pdf)
>  We propose a novel unsupervised out-of-distribution detection method for medical images based on implicit fields image representations. In our approach, an auto-decoder feed-forward neural network learns the distribution of healthy images in the form of a mapping between spatial coordinates and probabilities over a proxy for tissue types. At inference time, the learnt distribution is used to retrieve, from a given test image, a restoration, i.e. an image maximally consistent with the input one but belonging to the healthy distribution. Anomalies are localized using the voxel-wise probability predicted by our model for the restored image. We tested our approach in the task of unsupervised localization of gliomas on brain MR images and compared it to several other VAE-based anomaly detection methods. Results show that the proposed technique substantially outperforms them (average DICE 0.640 vs 0.518 for the best performing VAE-based alternative) while also requiring considerably less computing time.      
### 43.Rethink Transfer Learning in Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05152.pdf)
>  Transfer learning (TL) with deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) has proved successful in medical image classification (MIC). However, the current practice is puzzling, as MIC typically relies only on low- and/or mid-level features that are learned in the bottom layers of DCNNs. Following this intuition, we question the current strategies of TL in MIC. In this paper, we perform careful experimental comparisons between shallow and deep networks for classification on two chest x-ray datasets, using different TL strategies. We find that deep models are not always favorable, and finetuning truncated deep models almost always yields the best performance, especially in data-poor regimes. <br>Project webpage: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sun-umn/Transfer-Learning-in-Medical-Imaging" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> <br>Keywords: Transfer learning, Medical image classification, Feature hierarchy, Medical imaging, Evaluation metrics, Imbalanced data      
### 44.A multi-stage GAN for multi-organ chest X-ray image generation and segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05132.pdf)
>  Multi-organ segmentation of X-ray images is of fundamental importance for computer aided diagnosis systems. However, the most advanced semantic segmentation methods rely on deep learning and require a huge amount of labeled images, which are rarely available due to both the high cost of human resources and the time required for labeling. In this paper, we present a novel multi-stage generation algorithm based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) that can produce synthetic images along with their semantic labels and can be used for data augmentation. The main feature of the method is that, unlike other approaches, generation occurs in several stages, which simplifies the procedure and allows it to be used on very small datasets. The method has been evaluated on the segmentation of chest radiographic images, showing promising results. The multistage approach achieves state-of-the-art and, when very few images are used to train the GANs, outperforms the corresponding single-stage approach.      
### 45.Gaussian Mixture Estimation from Weighted Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05109.pdf)
>  We consider estimating the parameters of a Gaussian mixture density with a given number of components best representing a given set of weighted samples. We adopt a density interpretation of the samples by viewing them as a discrete Dirac mixture density over a continuous domain with weighted components. Hence, Gaussian mixture fitting is viewed as density re-approximation. In order to speed up computation, an expectation-maximization method is proposed that properly considers not only the sample locations, but also the corresponding weights. It is shown that methods from literature do not treat the weights correctly, resulting in wrong estimates. This is demonstrated with simple counterexamples. The proposed method works in any number of dimensions with the same computational load as standard Gaussian mixture estimators for unweighted samples.      
### 46.No Fear of Heterogeneity: Classifier Calibration for Federated Learning with Non-IID Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05001.pdf)
>  A central challenge in training classification models in the real-world federated system is learning with non-IID data. To cope with this, most of the existing works involve enforcing regularization in local optimization or improving the model aggregation scheme at the server. Other works also share public datasets or synthesized samples to supplement the training of under-represented classes or introduce a certain level of personalization. Though effective, they lack a deep understanding of how the data heterogeneity affects each layer of a deep classification model. In this paper, we bridge this gap by performing an experimental analysis of the representations learned by different layers. Our observations are surprising: (1) there exists a greater bias in the classifier than other layers, and (2) the classification performance can be significantly improved by post-calibrating the classifier after federated training. Motivated by the above findings, we propose a novel and simple algorithm called Classifier Calibration with Virtual Representations (CCVR), which adjusts the classifier using virtual representations sampled from an approximated gaussian mixture model. Experimental results demonstrate that CCVR achieves state-of-the-art performance on popular federated learning benchmarks including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and CINIC-10. We hope that our simple yet effective method can shed some light on the future research of federated learning with non-IID data.      
### 47.It Takes Two to Tango: Mixup for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04990.pdf)
>  Metric learning involves learning a discriminative representation such that embeddings of similar classes are encouraged to be close, while embeddings of dissimilar classes are pushed far apart. State-of-the-art methods focus mostly on sophisticated loss functions or mining strategies. On the one hand, metric learning losses consider two or more examples at a time. On the other hand, modern data augmentation methods for classification consider two or more examples at a time. The combination of the two ideas is under-studied. <br>In this work, we aim to bridge this gap and improve representations using mixup, which is a powerful data augmentation approach interpolating two or more examples and corresponding target labels at a time. This task is challenging because, unlike classification, the loss functions used in metric learning are not additive over examples, so the idea of interpolating target labels is not straightforward. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to investigate mixing examples and target labels for deep metric learning. We develop a generalized formulation that encompasses existing metric learning loss functions and modify it to accommodate for mixup, introducing Metric Mix, or Metrix. We show that mixing inputs, intermediate representations or embeddings along with target labels significantly improves representations and outperforms state-of-the-art metric learning methods on four benchmark datasets.      
### 48.Spatio-Temporal Dual-Stream Neural Network for Sequential Whole-Body PET Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04961.pdf)
>  Sequential whole-body 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) positron emission tomography (PET) scans are regarded as the imaging modality of choice for the assessment of treatment response in the lymphomas because they detect treatment response when there may not be changes on anatomical imaging. Any computerized analysis of lymphomas in whole-body PET requires automatic segmentation of the studies so that sites of disease can be quantitatively monitored over time. State-of-the-art PET image segmentation methods are based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) given their ability to leverage annotated datasets to derive high-level features about the disease process. Such methods, however, focus on PET images from a single time-point and discard information from other scans or are targeted towards specific organs and cannot cater for the multiple structures in whole-body PET images. In this study, we propose a spatio-temporal 'dual-stream' neural network (ST-DSNN) to segment sequential whole-body PET scans. Our ST-DSNN learns and accumulates image features from the PET images done over time. The accumulated image features are used to enhance the organs / structures that are consistent over time to allow easier identification of sites of active lymphoma. Our results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art PET image segmentation methods.      
### 49.Continuous-discrete multiple target tracking with out-of-sequence measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04898.pdf)
>  This paper derives the optimal Bayesian processing of an out-of-sequence (OOS) set of measurements in continuous-time for multiple target tracking. We consider a multi-target system modelled in continuous time that is discretised at the time steps when we receive the measurements, which are distributed according to the standard point target model. All information about this system at the sampled time steps is provided by the posterior density on the set of all trajectories. This density can be computed via the continuous-discrete trajectory Poisson multi-Bernoulli mixture (TPMBM) filter. When we receive an OOS measurement, the optimal Bayesian processing performs a retrodiction step that adds trajectory information at the OOS measurement time stamp followed by an update step. After the OOS measurement update, the posterior remains in TPMBM form. We also provide a computationally lighter alternative based on a trajectory Poisson multi-Bernoulli filter. The effectiveness of the two approaches to handle OOS measurements is evaluated via simulations.      
### 50.Fast Computational Ghost Imaging using Unpaired Deep Learning and a Constrained Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04822.pdf)
>  The unpaired training can be the only option available for fast deep learning-based ghost imaging, where obtaining a high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) image copy of each low SNR ghost image could be practically time-consuming and challenging. This paper explores the capabilities of deep learning to leverage computational ghost imaging when there is a lack of paired training images. The deep learning approach proposed here enables fast ghost imaging through reconstruction of high SNR images from faint and hastily shot ghost images using a constrained Wasserstein generative adversarial network. In the proposed approach, the objective function is regularized to enforce the generation of faithful and relevant high SNR images to the ghost copies. This regularization measures the distance between reconstructed images and the faint ghost images in a low-noise manifold generated by a shadow network. The performance of the constrained network is shown to be particularly important for ghost images with low SNR. The proposed pipeline is able to reconstruct high-quality images from the ghost images with SNR values not necessarily equal to the SNR of the training set.      
### 51.Accelerating Neural Architecture Search via Proxy Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04784.pdf)
>  Despite the increasing interest in neural architecture search (NAS), the significant computational cost of NAS is a hindrance to researchers. Hence, we propose to reduce the cost of NAS using proxy data, i.e., a representative subset of the target data, without sacrificing search performance. Even though data selection has been used across various fields, our evaluation of existing selection methods for NAS algorithms offered by NAS-Bench-1shot1 reveals that they are not always appropriate for NAS and a new selection method is necessary. By analyzing proxy data constructed using various selection methods through data entropy, we propose a novel proxy data selection method tailored for NAS. To empirically demonstrate the effectiveness, we conduct thorough experiments across diverse datasets, search spaces, and NAS algorithms. Consequently, NAS algorithms with the proposed selection discover architectures that are competitive with those obtained using the entire dataset. It significantly reduces the search cost: executing DARTS with the proposed selection requires only 40 minutes on CIFAR-10 and 7.5 hours on ImageNet with a single GPU. Additionally, when the architecture searched on ImageNet using the proposed selection is inversely transferred to CIFAR-10, a state-of-the-art test error of 2.4\% is yielded. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nabk89/NAS-with-Proxy-data" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Uncovering Closed-form Governing Equations of Nonlinear Dynamics from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04776.pdf)
>  Distilling analytical models from data has the potential to advance our understanding and prediction of nonlinear dynamics. Although discovery of governing equations based on observed system states (e.g., trajectory time series) has revealed success in a wide range of nonlinear dynamics, uncovering the closed-form equations directly from raw videos still remains an open challenge. To this end, we introduce a novel end-to-end unsupervised deep learning framework to uncover the mathematical structure of equations that governs the dynamics of moving objects in videos. Such an architecture consists of (1) an encoder-decoder network that learns low-dimensional spatial/pixel coordinates of the moving object, (2) a learnable Spatial-Physical Transformation component that creates mapping between the extracted spatial/pixel coordinates and the latent physical states of dynamics, and (3) a numerical integrator-based sparse regression module that uncovers the parsimonious closed-form governing equations of learned physical states and, meanwhile, serves as a constraint to the autoencoder. The efficacy of the proposed method is demonstrated by uncovering the governing equations of a variety of nonlinear dynamical systems depicted by moving objects in videos. The resulting computational framework enables discovery of parsimonious interpretable model in a flexible and accessible sensing environment where only videos are available.      
### 53.Ex uno plures: Splitting One Model into an Ensemble of Subnetworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04767.pdf)
>  Monte Carlo (MC) dropout is a simple and efficient ensembling method that can improve the accuracy and confidence calibration of high-capacity deep neural network models. However, MC dropout is not as effective as more compute-intensive methods such as deep ensembles. This performance gap can be attributed to the relatively poor quality of individual models in the MC dropout ensemble and their lack of diversity. These issues can in turn be traced back to the coupled training and substantial parameter sharing of the dropout models. Motivated by this perspective, we propose a strategy to compute an ensemble of subnetworks, each corresponding to a non-overlapping dropout mask computed via a pruning strategy and trained independently. We show that the proposed subnetwork ensembling method can perform as well as standard deep ensembles in both accuracy and uncertainty estimates, yet with a computational efficiency similar to MC dropout. Lastly, using several computer vision datasets like CIFAR10/100, CUB200, and Tiny-Imagenet, we experimentally demonstrate that subnetwork ensembling also consistently outperforms recently proposed approaches that efficiently ensemble neural networks.      
### 54.AdaMatch: A Unified Approach to Semi-Supervised Learning and Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04732.pdf)
>  We extend semi-supervised learning to the problem of domain adaptation to learn significantly higher-accuracy models that train on one data distribution and test on a different one. With the goal of generality, we introduce AdaMatch, a method that unifies the tasks of unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA), semi-supervised learning (SSL), and semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA). In an extensive experimental study, we compare its behavior with respective state-of-the-art techniques from SSL, SSDA, and UDA on vision classification tasks. We find AdaMatch either matches or significantly exceeds the state-of-the-art in each case using the same hyper-parameters regardless of the dataset or task. For example, AdaMatch nearly doubles the accuracy compared to that of the prior state-of-the-art on the UDA task for DomainNet and even exceeds the accuracy of the prior state-of-the-art obtained with pre-training by 6.4% when AdaMatch is trained completely from scratch. Furthermore, by providing AdaMatch with just one labeled example per class from the target domain (i.e., the SSDA setting), we increase the target accuracy by an additional 6.1%, and with 5 labeled examples, by 13.6%.      
### 55.Tiplines to Combat Misinformation on Encrypted Platforms: A Case Study of the 2019 Indian Election on WhatsApp  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04726.pdf)
>  WhatsApp is a popular chat application used by over 2 billion users worldwide. However, due to end-to-end encryption, there is currently no easy way to fact-check content on WhatsApp at scale. In this paper, we analyze the usefulness of a crowd-sourced system on WhatsApp through which users can submit "tips" containing messages they want fact-checked. We compare the tips sent to a WhatsApp tipline run during the 2019 Indian national elections with the messages circulating in large, public groups on WhatsApp and other social media platforms during the same period. We find that tiplines are a very useful lens into WhatsApp conversations: a significant fraction of messages and images sent to the tipline match with the content being shared on public WhatsApp groups and other social media. Our analysis also shows that tiplines cover the most popular content well, and a majority of such content is often shared to the tipline before appearing in large, public WhatsApp groups. Overall, the analysis suggests tiplines can be an effective source for discovering content to fact-check.      
### 56.OODIn: An Optimised On-Device Inference Framework for Heterogeneous Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04723.pdf)
>  Radical progress in the field of deep learning (DL) has led to unprecedented accuracy in diverse inference tasks. As such, deploying DL models across mobile platforms is vital to enable the development and broad availability of the next-generation intelligent apps. Nevertheless, the wide and optimised deployment of DL models is currently hindered by the vast system heterogeneity of mobile devices, the varying computational cost of different DL models and the variability of performance needs across DL applications. This paper proposes OODIn, a framework for the optimised deployment of DL apps across heterogeneous mobile devices. OODIn comprises a novel DL-specific software architecture together with an analytical framework for modelling DL applications that: (1) counteract the variability in device resources and DL models by means of a highly parametrised multi-layer design; and (2) perform a principled optimisation of both model- and system-level parameters through a multi-objective formulation, designed for DL inference apps, in order to adapt the deployment to the user-specified performance requirements and device capabilities. Quantitative evaluation shows that the proposed framework consistently outperforms status-quo designs across heterogeneous devices and delivers up to 4.3x and 3.5x performance gain over highly optimised platform- and model-aware designs respectively, while effectively adapting execution to dynamic changes in resource availability.      
### 57.TED-net: Convolution-free T2T Vision Transformer-based Encoder-decoder Dilation network for Low-dose CT Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04650.pdf)
>  Low dose computed tomography is a mainstream for clinical applications. How-ever, compared to normal dose CT, in the low dose CT (LDCT) images, there are stronger noise and more artifacts which are obstacles for practical applications. In the last few years, convolution-based end-to-end deep learning methods have been widely used for LDCT image denoising. Recently, transformer has shown superior performance over convolution with more feature interactions. Yet its ap-plications in LDCT denoising have not been fully cultivated. Here, we propose a convolution-free T2T vision transformer-based Encoder-decoder Dilation net-work (TED-net) to enrich the family of LDCT denoising algorithms. The model is free of convolution blocks and consists of a symmetric encoder-decoder block with sole transformer. Our model is evaluated on the AAPM-Mayo clinic LDCT Grand Challenge dataset, and results show outperformance over the state-of-the-art denoising methods.      
### 58.Densely connected normalizing flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04627.pdf)
>  Normalizing flows are bijective mappings between inputs and latent representations with a fully factorized distribution. They are very attractive due to exact likelihood evaluation and efficient sampling. However, their effective capacity is often insufficient since the bijectivity constraint limits the model width. We address this issue by incrementally padding intermediate representations with noise. We precondition the noise in accordance with previous invertible units, which we describe as cross-unit coupling. Our invertible glow-like modules express intra-unit affine coupling as a fusion of a densely connected block and Nyström self-attention. We refer to our architecture as DenseFlow since both cross-unit and intra-unit couplings rely on dense connectivity. Experiments show significant improvements due to the proposed contributions, and reveal state-of-the-art density estimation among all generative models under moderate computing budgets.      
### 59.Self-Supervised Learning with Data Augmentations Provably Isolates Content from Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.04619.pdf)
>  Self-supervised representation learning has shown remarkable success in a number of domains. A common practice is to perform data augmentation via hand-crafted transformations intended to leave the semantics of the data invariant. We seek to understand the empirical success of this approach from a theoretical perspective. We formulate the augmentation process as a latent variable model by postulating a partition of the latent representation into a content component, which is assumed invariant to augmentation, and a style component, which is allowed to change. Unlike prior work on disentanglement and independent component analysis, we allow for both nontrivial statistical and causal dependencies in the latent space. We study the identifiability of the latent representation based on pairs of views of the observations and prove sufficient conditions that allow us to identify the invariant content partition up to an invertible mapping in both generative and discriminative settings. We find numerical simulations with dependent latent variables are consistent with our theory. Lastly, we introduce Causal3DIdent, a dataset of high-dimensional, visually complex images with rich causal dependencies, which we use to study the effect of data augmentations performed in practice.      
### 60.XIRL: Cross-embodiment Inverse Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03911.pdf)
>  We investigate the visual cross-embodiment imitation setting, in which agents learn policies from videos of other agents (such as humans) demonstrating the same task, but with stark differences in their embodiments -- shape, actions, end-effector dynamics, etc. In this work, we demonstrate that it is possible to automatically discover and learn vision-based reward functions from cross-embodiment demonstration videos that are robust to these differences. Specifically, we present a self-supervised method for Cross-embodiment Inverse Reinforcement Learning (XIRL) that leverages temporal cycle-consistency constraints to learn deep visual embeddings that capture task progression from offline videos of demonstrations across multiple expert agents, each performing the same task differently due to embodiment differences. Prior to our work, producing rewards from self-supervised embeddings has typically required alignment with a reference trajectory, which may be difficult to acquire. We show empirically that if the embeddings are aware of task-progress, simply taking the negative distance between the current state and goal state in the learned embedding space is useful as a reward for training policies with reinforcement learning. We find our learned reward function not only works for embodiments seen during training, but also generalizes to entirely new embodiments. We also find that XIRL policies are more sample efficient than baselines, and in some cases exceed the sample efficiency of the same agent trained with ground truth sparse rewards.      
