# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 15 Jun 2021
### 1.Improved Transformer for High-Resolution GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07631.pdf)
>  Attention-based models, exemplified by the Transformer, can effectively model long range dependency, but suffer from the quadratic complexity of self-attention operation, making them difficult to be adopted for high-resolution image generation based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). In this paper, we introduce two key ingredients to Transformer to address this challenge. First, in low-resolution stages of the generative process, standard global self-attention is replaced with the proposed multi-axis blocked self-attention which allows efficient mixing of local and global attention. Second, in high-resolution stages, we drop self-attention while only keeping multi-layer perceptrons reminiscent of the implicit neural function. To further improve the performance, we introduce an additional self-modulation component based on cross-attention. The resulting model, denoted as HiT, has a linear computational complexity with respect to the image size and thus directly scales to synthesizing high definition images. We show in the experiments that the proposed HiT achieves state-of-the-art FID scores of 31.87 and 2.95 on unconditional ImageNet $128 \times 128$ and FFHQ $256 \times 256$, respectively, with a reasonable throughput. We believe the proposed HiT is an important milestone for generators in GANs which are completely free of convolutions.      
### 2.Toward Automatic Interpretation of 3D Plots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07627.pdf)
>  This paper explores the challenge of teaching a machine how to reverse-engineer the grid-marked surfaces used to represent data in 3D surface plots of two-variable functions. These are common in scientific and economic publications; and humans can often interpret them with ease, quickly gleaning general shape and curvature information from the simple collection of curves. While machines have no such visual intuition, they do have the potential to accurately extract the more detailed quantitative data that guided the surface's construction. We approach this problem by synthesizing a new dataset of 3D grid-marked surfaces (SurfaceGrid) and training a deep neural net to estimate their shape. Our algorithm successfully recovers shape information from synthetic 3D surface plots that have had axes and shading information removed, been rendered with a variety of grid types, and viewed from a range of viewpoints.      
### 3.Delving Deep into the Generalization of Vision Transformers under Distribution Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07617.pdf)
>  Recently, Vision Transformers (ViTs) have achieved impressive results on various vision tasks. Yet, their generalization ability under different distribution shifts is rarely understood. In this work, we provide a comprehensive study on the out-of-distribution generalization of ViTs. To support a systematic investigation, we first present a taxonomy of distribution shifts by categorizing them into five conceptual groups: corruption shift, background shift, texture shift, destruction shift, and style shift. Then we perform extensive evaluations of ViT variants under different groups of distribution shifts and compare their generalization ability with CNNs. Several important observations are obtained: 1) ViTs generalize better than CNNs under multiple distribution shifts. With the same or fewer parameters, ViTs are ahead of corresponding CNNs by more than 5% in top-1 accuracy under most distribution shifts. 2) Larger ViTs gradually narrow the in-distribution and out-of-distribution performance gap. To further improve the generalization of ViTs, we design the Generalization-Enhanced ViTs by integrating adversarial learning, information theory, and self-supervised learning. By investigating three types of generalization-enhanced ViTs, we observe their gradient-sensitivity and design a smoother learning strategy to achieve a stable training process. With modified training schemes, we achieve improvements on performance towards out-of-distribution data by 4% from vanilla ViTs. We comprehensively compare three generalization-enhanced ViTs with their corresponding CNNs, and observe that: 1) For the enhanced model, larger ViTs still benefit more for the out-of-distribution generalization. 2) generalization-enhanced ViTs are more sensitive to the hyper-parameters than corresponding CNNs. We hope our comprehensive study could shed light on the design of more generalizable learning architectures.      
### 4.Magic Layouts: Structural Prior for Component Detection in User Interface Designs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07615.pdf)
>  We present Magic Layouts; a method for parsing screenshots or hand-drawn sketches of user interface (UI) layouts. Our core contribution is to extend existing detectors to exploit a learned structural prior for UI designs, enabling robust detection of UI components; buttons, text boxes and similar. Specifically we learn a prior over mobile UI layouts, encoding common spatial co-occurrence relationships between different UI components. Conditioning region proposals using this prior leads to performance gains on UI layout parsing for both hand-drawn UIs and app screenshots, which we demonstrate within the context an interactive application for rapidly acquiring digital prototypes of user experience (UX) designs.      
### 5.Video-Based Inpatient Fall Risk Assessment: A Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07565.pdf)
>  Inpatient falls are a serious safety issue in hospitals and healthcare facilities. Recent advances in video analytics for patient monitoring provide a non-intrusive avenue to reduce this risk through continuous activity monitoring. However, in-bed fall risk assessment systems have received less attention in the literature. The majority of prior studies have focused on fall event detection, and do not consider the circumstances that may indicate an imminent inpatient fall. Here, we propose a video-based system that can monitor the risk of a patient falling, and alert staff of unsafe behaviour to help prevent falls before they occur. We propose an approach that leverages recent advances in human localisation and skeleton pose estimation to extract spatial features from video frames recorded in a simulated environment. We demonstrate that body positions can be effectively recognised and provide useful evidence for fall risk assessment. This work highlights the benefits of video-based models for analysing behaviours of interest, and demonstrates how such a system could enable sufficient lead time for healthcare professionals to respond and address patient needs, which is necessary for the development of fall intervention programs.      
### 6.An optimized Capsule-LSTM model for facial expression recognition with video sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07564.pdf)
>  To overcome the limitations of convolutional neural network in the process of facial expression recognition, a facial expression recognition model Capsule-LSTM based on video frame sequence is proposed. This model is composed of three networks includingcapsule encoders, capsule decoders and LSTM network. The capsule encoder extracts the spatial information of facial expressions in video frames. Capsule decoder reconstructs the images to optimize the network. LSTM extracts the temporal information between video frames and analyzes the differences in expression changes between frames. The experimental results from the MMI dataset show that the Capsule-LSTM model proposed in this paper can effectively improve the accuracy of video expression recognition.      
### 7.BPLF: A Bi-Parallel Linear Flow Model for Facial Expression Generation from Emotion Set Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07563.pdf)
>  The flow-based generative model is a deep learning generative model, which obtains the ability to generate data by explicitly learning the data distribution. Theoretically its ability to restore data is stronger than other generative models. However, its implementation has many limitations, including limited model design, too many model parameters and tedious calculation. In this paper, a bi-parallel linear flow model for facial emotion generation from emotion set images is constructed, and a series of improvements have been made in terms of the expression ability of the model and the convergence speed in training. The model is mainly composed of several coupling layers superimposed to form a multi-scale structure, in which each coupling layer contains 1*1 reversible convolution and linear operation modules. Furthermore, this paper sorted out the current public data set of facial emotion images, made a new emotion data, and verified the model through this data set. The experimental results show that, under the traditional convolutional neural network, the 3-layer 3*3 convolution kernel is more conducive to extracte the features of the face images. The introduction of principal component decomposition can improve the convergence speed of the model.      
### 8.Neural Network Structure Design based on N-Gauss Activation Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07562.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that the activation function of the convolutional neural network can meet the Lipschitz condition, then the corresponding convolutional neural network structure can be constructed according to the scale of the data set, and the data set can be trained more deeply, more accurately and more effectively. In this article, we have accepted the experimental results and introduced the core block N-Gauss, N-Gauss, and Swish (Conv1, Conv2, FC1) neural network structure design to train MNIST, CIFAR10, and CIFAR100 respectively. Experiments show that N-Gauss gives full play to the main role of nonlinear modeling of activation functions, so that deep convolutional neural networks have hierarchical nonlinear mapping learning capabilities. At the same time, the training ability of N-Gauss on simple one-dimensional channel small data sets is equivalent to the performance of ReLU and Swish.      
### 9.Direct Servo Control from In-Sensor CNN Inference with A Pixel Processor Array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07561.pdf)
>  This work demonstrates direct visual sensory-motor control using high-speed CNN inference via a SCAMP-5 Pixel Processor Array (PPA). We demonstrate how PPAs are able to efficiently bridge the gap between perception and action. A binary Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is used for a classic rock, paper, scissors classification problem at over 8000 FPS. Control instructions are directly sent to a servo motor from the PPA according to the CNN's classification result without any other intermediate hardware.      
### 10.Artificial Perceptual Learning: Image Categorization with Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07559.pdf)
>  Machine learning has achieved much success on supervised learning tasks with large sets of well-annotated training samples. However, in many practical situations, such strong and high-quality supervision provided by training data is unavailable due to the expensive and labor-intensive labeling process. Automatically identifying and recognizing object categories in a large volume of unlabeled images with weak supervision remains an important, yet unsolved challenge in computer vision. In this paper, we propose a novel machine learning framework, artificial perceptual learning (APL), to tackle the problem of weakly supervised image categorization. The proposed APL framework is constructed using state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms as building blocks to mimic the cognitive development process known as infant categorization. We develop and illustrate the proposed framework by implementing a wide-field fine-grain ecological survey of tree species over an 8,000-hectare area of the El Yunque rainforest in Puerto Rico. It is based on unlabeled high-resolution aerial images of the tree canopy. Misplaced ground-based labels were available for less than 1% of these images, which serve as the only weak supervision for this learning framework. We validate the proposed framework using a small set of images with high quality human annotations and show that the proposed framework attains human-level cognitive economy.      
### 11.Transparent Model of Unabridged Data (TMUD)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07558.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in computational power and algorithms have enabled unabridged data (e.g., raw images or audio) to be used as input in some models (e.g., deep learning). However, the black box nature of such models reduces their likelihood of adoption by marketing scholars. Our paradigm of analysis, the Transparent Model of Unabridged Data (TMUD), enables researchers to investigate the inner workings of such black box models by incorporating an ex ante filtration module and an ex post experimentation module. We empirically demonstrate the TMUD by investigating the role of facial components and sexual dimorphism in face perceptions, which have implications for four marketing contexts: advertisement (perceptions of approachability, trustworthiness, and competence), brand (perceptions of whether a face represents a brand's typical customer), category (perceptions of whether a face represents a category's typical customer), and customer persona (perceptions of whether a face represents the persona of a brand's customer segment). Our results reveal new and useful findings that enrich the existing literature on face perception, most of which is based on abridged attributes (e.g., width of mouth). The TMUD has great potential to be a useful paradigm for generating theoretical insights and may encourage more marketing researchers and practitioners to use unabridged data.      
### 12.A Multi-Branch Hybrid Transformer Networkfor Corneal Endothelial Cell Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07557.pdf)
>  Corneal endothelial cell segmentation plays a vital role inquantifying clinical indicators such as cell density, coefficient of variation,and hexagonality. However, the corneal endothelium's uneven reflectionand the subject's tremor and movement cause blurred cell edges in theimage, which is difficult to segment, and need more details and contextinformation to release this problem. Due to the limited receptive field oflocal convolution and continuous downsampling, the existing deep learn-ing segmentation methods cannot make full use of global context andmiss many details. This paper proposes a Multi-Branch hybrid Trans-former Network (MBT-Net) based on the transformer and body-edgebranch. Firstly, We use the convolutional block to focus on local tex-ture feature extraction and establish long-range dependencies over space,channel, and layer by the transformer and residual connection. Besides,We use the body-edge branch to promote local consistency and to provideedge position information. On the self-collected dataset TM-EM3000 andpublic Alisarine dataset, compared with other State-Of-The-Art (SOTA)methods, the proposed method achieves an improvement.      
### 13.Long Term Object Detection and Tracking in Collaborative Learning Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07556.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition in videos is a challenging problem that has drawn a lot of interest, particularly when the goal requires the analysis of a large video database. AOLME project provides a collaborative learning environment for middle school students to explore mathematics, computer science, and engineering by processing digital images and videos. As part of this project, around 2200 hours of video data was collected for analysis. Because of the size of the dataset, it is hard to analyze all the videos of the dataset manually. Thus, there is a huge need for reliable computer-based methods that can detect activities of interest. My thesis is focused on the development of accurate methods for detecting and tracking objects in long videos. All the models are validated on videos from 7 different sessions, ranging from 45 minutes to 90 minutes. The keyboard detector achieved a very high average precision (AP) of 92% at 0.5 intersection over union (IoU). Furthermore, a combined system of the detector with a fast tracker KCF (159fps) was developed so that the algorithm runs significantly faster without sacrificing accuracy. For a video of 23 minutes having resolution 858X480 @ 30 fps, the detection alone runs at 4.7Xthe real-time, and the combined algorithm runs at 21Xthe real-time for an average IoU of 0.84 and 0.82, respectively. The hand detector achieved average precision (AP) of 72% at 0.5 IoU. The detection results were improved to 81% using optimal data augmentation parameters. The hand detector runs at 4.7Xthe real-time with AP of 81% at 0.5 IoU. The hand detection method was integrated with projections and clustering for accurate proposal generation. This approach reduced the number of false-positive hand detections by 80%. The overall hand detection system runs at 4Xthe real-time, capturing all the activity regions of the current collaborative group.      
### 14.Dataset for eye-tracking tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07554.pdf)
>  In recent years many different deep neural networks were developed, but due to a large number of layers in deep networks, their training requires a long time and a large number of datasets. Today is popular to use trained deep neural networks for various tasks, even for simple ones in which such deep networks are not required. The well-known deep networks such as YoloV3, SSD, etc. are intended for tracking and monitoring various objects, therefore their weights are heavy and the overall accuracy for a specific task is low. Eye-tracking tasks need to detect only one object - an iris in a given area. Therefore, it is logical to use a neural network only for this task. But the problem is the lack of suitable datasets for training the model. In the manuscript, we presented a dataset that is suitable for training custom models of convolutional neural networks for eye-tracking tasks. Using data set data, each user can independently pre-train the convolutional neural network models for eye-tracking tasks. This dataset contains annotated 10,000 eye images in an extension of 416 by 416 pixels. The table with annotation information shows the coordinates and radius of the eye for each image. This manuscript can be considered as a guide for the preparation of datasets for eye-tracking devices      
### 15.PC-DAN: Point Cloud based Deep Affinity Network for 3D Multi-Object Tracking (Accepted as an extended abstract in JRDB-ACT Workshop at CVPR21)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07552.pdf)
>  In recent times, the scope of LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) sensor-based technology has spread across numerous fields. It is popularly used to map terrain and navigation information into reliable 3D point cloud data, potentially revolutionizing the autonomous vehicles and assistive robotic industry. A point cloud is a dense compilation of spatial data in 3D coordinates. It plays a vital role in modeling complex real-world scenes since it preserves structural information and avoids perspective distortion, unlike image data, which is the projection of a 3D structure on a 2D plane. In order to leverage the intrinsic capabilities of the LIDAR data, we propose a PointNet-based approach for 3D Multi-Object Tracking (MOT).      
### 16.Attention mechanisms and deep learning for machine vision: A survey of the state of the art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07550.pdf)
>  With the advent of state of the art nature-inspired pure attention based models i.e. transformers, and their success in natural language processing (NLP), their extension to machine vision (MV) tasks was inevitable and much felt. Subsequently, vision transformers (ViTs) were introduced which are giving quite a challenge to the established deep learning based machine vision techniques. However, pure attention based models/architectures like transformers require huge data, large training times and large computational resources. Some recent works suggest that combinations of these two varied fields can prove to build systems which have the advantages of both these fields. Accordingly, this state of the art survey paper is introduced which hopefully will help readers get useful information about this interesting and potential research area. A gentle introduction to attention mechanisms is given, followed by a discussion of the popular attention based deep architectures. Subsequently, the major categories of the intersection of attention mechanisms and deep learning for machine vision (MV) based are discussed. Afterwards, the major algorithms, issues and trends within the scope of the paper are discussed.      
### 17.PolarStream: Streaming Lidar Object Detection and Segmentation with Polar Pillars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07545.pdf)
>  Recent works recognized lidars as an inherently streaming data source and showed that the end-to-end latency of lidar perception models can be reduced significantly by operating on wedge-shaped point cloud sectors rather then the full point cloud. However, due to use of cartesian coordinate systems these methods represent the sectors as rectangular regions, wasting memory and compute. In this work we propose using a polar coordinate system and make two key improvements on this design. First, we increase the spatial context by using multi-scale padding from neighboring sectors: preceding sector from the current scan and/or the following sector from the past scan. Second, we improve the core polar convolutional architecture by introducing feature undistortion and range stratified convolutions. Experimental results on the nuScenes dataset show significant improvements over other streaming based methods. We also achieve comparable results to existing non-streaming methods but with lower latencies.      
### 18.User-Guided Personalized Image Aesthetic Assessment based on Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07488.pdf)
>  Personalized image aesthetic assessment (PIAA) has recently become a hot topic due to its usefulness in a wide variety of applications such as photography, film and television, e-commerce, fashion design and so on. This task is more seriously affected by subjective factors and samples provided by users. In order to acquire precise personalized aesthetic distribution by small amount of samples, we propose a novel user-guided personalized image aesthetic assessment framework. This framework leverages user interactions to retouch and rank images for aesthetic assessment based on deep reinforcement learning (DRL), and generates personalized aesthetic distribution that is more in line with the aesthetic preferences of different users. It mainly consists of two stages. In the first stage, personalized aesthetic ranking is generated by interactive image enhancement and manual ranking, meanwhile two policy networks will be trained. The images will be pushed to the user for manual retouching and simultaneously to the enhancement policy network. The enhancement network utilizes the manual retouching results as the optimization goals of DRL. After that, the ranking process performs the similar operations like the retouching mentioned before. These two networks will be trained iteratively and alternatively to help to complete the final personalized aesthetic assessment automatically. In the second stage, these modified images are labeled with aesthetic attributes by one style-specific classifier, and then the personalized aesthetic distribution is generated based on the multiple aesthetic attributes of these images, which conforms to the aesthetic preference of users better.      
### 19.S$^2$-MLP: Spatial-Shift MLP Architecture for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07477.pdf)
>  Recently, visual Transformer (ViT) and its following works abandon the convolution and exploit the self-attention operation, attaining a comparable or even higher accuracy than CNN. More recently, MLP-Mixer abandons both the convolution and the self-attention operation, proposing an architecture containing only MLP layers. To achieve cross-patch communications, it devises an additional token-mixing MLP besides the channel-mixing MLP. It achieves promising results when training on an extremely large-scale dataset. But it cannot achieve as outstanding performance as its CNN and ViT counterparts when training on medium-scale datasets such as ImageNet1K and ImageNet21K. The performance drop of MLP-Mixer motivates us to rethink the token-mixing MLP. We discover that token-mixing operation in MLP-Mixer is a variant of depthwise convolution with a global reception field and spatial-specific configuration. But the global reception field and the spatial-specific property make token-mixing MLP prone to over-fitting. In this paper, we propose a novel pure MLP architecture, spatial-shift MLP (S$^2$-MLP). Different from MLP-Mixer, our S$^2$-MLP only contains channel-mixing MLP. We devise a spatial-shift operation for achieving the communication between patches. It has a local reception field and is spatial-agnostic. Meanwhile, it is parameter-free and efficient for computation. The proposed S$^2$-MLP attains higher recognition accuracy than MLP-Mixer when training on ImageNet-1K dataset. Meanwhile, S$^2$-MLP accomplishes as excellent performance as ViT on ImageNet-1K dataset with considerably simpler architecture and fewer FLOPs and parameters.      
### 20.Comparing vector fields across surfaces: interest for characterizing the orientations of cortical folds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07470.pdf)
>  Vectors fields defined on surfaces constitute relevant and useful representations but are rarely used. One reason might be that comparing vector fields across two surfaces of the same genus is not trivial: it requires to transport the vector fields from the original surfaces onto a common domain. In this paper, we propose a framework to achieve this task by mapping the vector fields onto a common space, using some notions of differential geometry. The proposed framework enables the computation of statistics on vector fields. We demonstrate its interest in practice with an application on real data with a quantitative assessment of the reproducibility of curvature directions that describe the complex geometry of cortical folding patterns. The proposed framework is general and can be applied to different types of vector fields and surfaces, allowing for a large number of high potential applications in medical imaging.      
### 21.Automatically eliminating seam lines with Poisson editing in complex relative radiometric normalization mosaicking scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07441.pdf)
>  Relative radiometric normalization (RRN) mosaicking among multiple remote sensing images is crucial for the downstream tasks, including map-making, image recognition, semantic segmentation, and change detection. However, there are often seam lines on the mosaic boundary and radiometric contrast left, especially in complex scenarios, making the appearance of mosaic images unsightly and reducing the accuracy of the latter classification/recognition algorithms. This paper renders a novel automatical approach to eliminate seam lines in complex RRN mosaicking scenarios. It utilizes the histogram matching on the overlap area to alleviate radiometric contrast, Poisson editing to remove the seam lines, and merging procedure to determine the normalization transfer order. Our method can handle the mosaicking seam lines with arbitrary shapes and images with extreme topological relationships (with a small intersection area). These conditions make the main feathering or blending methods, e.g., linear weighted blending and Laplacian pyramid blending, unavailable. In the experiment, our approach visually surpasses the automatic methods without Poisson editing and the manual blurring and feathering method using GIMP software.      
### 22.Partial success in closing the gap between human and machine vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07411.pdf)
>  A few years ago, the first CNN surpassed human performance on ImageNet. However, it soon became clear that machines lack robustness on more challenging test cases, a major obstacle towards deploying machines "in the wild" and towards obtaining better computational models of human visual perception. Here we ask: Are we making progress in closing the gap between human and machine vision? To answer this question, we tested human observers on a broad range of out-of-distribution (OOD) datasets, adding the "missing human baseline" by recording 85,120 psychophysical trials across 90 participants. We then investigated a range of promising machine learning developments that crucially deviate from standard supervised CNNs along three axes: objective function (self-supervised, adversarially trained, CLIP language-image training), architecture (e.g. vision transformers), and dataset size (ranging from 1M to 1B). Our findings are threefold. (1.) The longstanding robustness gap between humans and CNNs is closing, with the best models now matching or exceeding human performance on most OOD datasets. (2.) There is still a substantial image-level consistency gap, meaning that humans make different errors than models. In contrast, most models systematically agree in their categorisation errors, even substantially different ones like contrastive self-supervised vs. standard supervised models. (3.) In many cases, human-to-model consistency improves when training dataset size is increased by one to three orders of magnitude. Our results give reason for cautious optimism: While there is still much room for improvement, the behavioural difference between human and machine vision is narrowing. In order to measure future progress, 17 OOD datasets with image-level human behavioural data are provided as a benchmark here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bethgelab/model-vs-human/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 23.3rd Place Solution for Short-video Face Parsing Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07409.pdf)
>  Short videos have many applications on fashion trends, hot spots, street interviews, public education, and creative advertising. We propose an Edge-Aware Network(EANet) that uses edge information to refine the segmentation edge. And experiments show our proposed EANet boots up the facial parsing results. We also use post-process like grab cut to refine and merge the parsing results.      
### 24.Dilated filters for edge detection algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07395.pdf)
>  Edges are a basic and fundamental feature in image processing, that are used directly or indirectly in huge amount of applications. Inspired by the expansion of image resolution and processing power dilated convolution techniques appeared. Dilated convolution have impressive results in machine learning, we discuss here the idea of dilating the standard filters which are used in edge detection algorithms. In this work we try to put together all our previous and current results by using instead of the classical convolution filters a dilated one. We compare the results of the edge detection algorithms using the proposed dilation filters with original filters or custom variants. Experimental results confirm our statement that dilation of filters have positive impact for edge detection algorithms form simple to rather complex algorithms.      
### 25.Quality-Aware Network for Face Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07368.pdf)
>  This is a very short technical report, which introduces the solution of the Team BUPT-CASIA for Short-video Face Parsing Track of The 3rd Person in Context (PIC) Workshop and Challenge at CVPR 2021. <br>Face parsing has recently attracted increasing interest due to its numerous application potentials. Generally speaking, it has a lot in common with human parsing, such as task setting, data characteristics, number of categories and so on. Therefore, this work applies state-of-the-art human parsing method to face parsing task to explore the similarities and differences between them. Our submission achieves 86.84% score and wins the 2nd place in the challenge.      
### 26.Deep Transfer Learning for Brain Magnetic Resonance Image Multi-class Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07333.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a principal diagnostic approach used in the field of radiology to create images of the anatomical and physiological structure of patients. MRI is the prevalent medical imaging practice to find abnormalities in soft tissues. Traditionally they are analyzed by a radiologist to detect abnormalities in soft tissues, especially the brain. The process of interpreting a massive volume of patient's MRI is laborious. Hence, the use of Machine Learning methodologies can aid in detecting abnormalities in soft tissues with considerable accuracy. In this research, we have curated a novel dataset and developed a framework that uses Deep Transfer Learning to perform a multi-classification of tumors in the brain MRI images. In this paper, we adopted the Deep Residual Convolutional Neural Network (ResNet50) architecture for the experiments along with discriminative learning techniques to train the model. Using the novel dataset and two publicly available MRI brain datasets, this proposed approach attained a classification accuracy of 86.40\% on the curated dataset, 93.80\% on the Harvard Whole Brain Atlas dataset, and 97.05\% accuracy on the School of Biomedical Engineering dataset. Results of our experiments significantly demonstrate our proposed framework for transfer learning is a potential and effective method for brain tumor multi-classification tasks.      
### 27.Variational Quanvolutional Neural Networks with enhanced image encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07327.pdf)
>  Image classification is an important task in various machine learning applications. In recent years, a number of classification methods based on quantum machine learning and different quantum image encoding techniques have been proposed. In this paper, we study the effect of three different quantum image encoding approaches on the performance of a convolution-inspired hybrid quantum-classical image classification algorithm called quanvolutional neural network (QNN). We furthermore examine the effect of variational - i.e. trainable - quantum circuits on the classification results. Our experiments indicate that some image encodings are better suited for variational circuits. However, our experiments show as well that there is not one best image encoding, but that the choice of the encoding depends on the specific constraints of the application.      
### 28.Computer Vision Tool for Detection, Mapping and Fault Classification of PV Modules in Aerial IR Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07314.pdf)
>  Increasing deployment of photovoltaics (PV) plants demands for cheap and fast inspection. A viable tool for this task is thermographic imaging by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). In this work, we develop a computer vision tool for the semi-automatic extraction of PV modules from thermographic UAV videos. We use it to curate a dataset containing 4.3 million IR images of 107842 PV modules from thermographic videos of seven different PV plants. To demonstrate its use for automated PV plant inspection, we train a ResNet-50 to classify ten common module anomalies with more than 90 % test accuracy. Experiments show that our tool generalizes well to different PV plants. It successfully extracts PV modules from 512 out of 561 plant rows. Failures are mostly due to an inappropriate UAV trajectory and erroneous module segmentation. Including all manual steps our tool enables inspection of 3.5 MW p to 9 MW p of PV installations per day, potentially scaling to multi-gigawatt plants due to its parallel nature. While we present an effective method for automated PV plant inspection, we are also confident that our approach helps to meet the growing demand for large thermographic datasets for machine learning tasks, such as power prediction or unsupervised defect identification.      
### 29.Pixel Sampling for Style Preserving Face Pose Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07310.pdf)
>  The existing auto-encoder based face pose editing methods primarily focus on modeling the identity preserving ability during pose synthesis, but are less able to preserve the image style properly, which refers to the color, brightness, saturation, etc. In this paper, we take advantage of the well-known frontal/profile optical illusion and present a novel two-stage approach to solve the aforementioned dilemma, where the task of face pose manipulation is cast into face inpainting. By selectively sampling pixels from the input face and slightly adjust their relative locations with the proposed ``Pixel Attention Sampling" module, the face editing result faithfully keeps the identity information as well as the image style unchanged. By leveraging high-dimensional embedding at the inpainting stage, finer details are generated. Further, with the 3D facial landmarks as guidance, our method is able to manipulate face pose in three degrees of freedom, i.e., yaw, pitch, and roll, resulting in more flexible face pose editing than merely controlling the yaw angle as usually achieved by the current state-of-the-art. Both the qualitative and quantitative evaluations validate the superiority of the proposed approach.      
### 30.TimeLens: Event-based Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07286.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art frame interpolation methods generate intermediate frames by inferring object motions in the image from consecutive key-frames. In the absence of additional information, first-order approximations, i.e. optical flow, must be used, but this choice restricts the types of motions that can be modeled, leading to errors in highly dynamic scenarios. Event cameras are novel sensors that address this limitation by providing auxiliary visual information in the blind-time between frames. They asynchronously measure per-pixel brightness changes and do this with high temporal resolution and low latency. Event-based frame interpolation methods typically adopt a synthesis-based approach, where predicted frame residuals are directly applied to the key-frames. However, while these approaches can capture non-linear motions they suffer from ghosting and perform poorly in low-texture regions with few events. Thus, synthesis-based and flow-based approaches are complementary. In this work, we introduce Time Lens, a novel indicates equal contribution method that leverages the advantages of both. We extensively evaluate our method on three synthetic and two real benchmarks where we show an up to 5.21 dB improvement in terms of PSNR over state-of-the-art frame-based and event-based methods. Finally, we release a new large-scale dataset in highly dynamic scenarios, aimed at pushing the limits of existing methods.      
### 31.Attention-based Domain Adaptation for Single Stage Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07283.pdf)
>  While domain adaptation has been used to improve the performance of object detectors when the training and test data follow different distributions, previous work has mostly focused on two-stage detectors. This is because their use of region proposals makes it possible to perform local adaptation, which has been shown to significantly improve the adaptation effectiveness. Here, by contrast, we target single-stage architectures, which are better suited to resource-constrained detection than two-stage ones but do not provide region proposals. To nonetheless benefit from the strength of local adaptation, we introduce an attention mechanism that lets us identify the important regions on which adaptation should focus. Our approach is generic and can be integrated into any single-stage detector. We demonstrate this on standard benchmark datasets by applying it to both SSD and YOLO. Furthermore, for an equivalent single-stage architecture, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art domain adaptation technique even though it was designed specifically for this particular detector.      
### 32.Deterministic Guided LiDAR Depth Map Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07256.pdf)
>  Accurate dense depth estimation is crucial for autonomous vehicles to analyze their environment. This paper presents a non-deep learning-based approach to densify a sparse LiDAR-based depth map using a guidance RGB image. To achieve this goal the RGB image is at first cleared from most of the camera-LiDAR misalignment artifacts. Afterward, it is over segmented and a plane for each superpixel is approximated. In the case a superpixel is not well represented by a plane, a plane is approximated for a convex hull of the most inlier. Finally, the pinhole camera model is used for the interpolation process and the remaining areas are interpolated. The evaluation of this work is executed using the KITTI depth completion benchmark, which validates the proposed work and shows that it outperforms the state-of-the-art non-deep learning-based methods, in addition to several deep learning-based methods.      
### 33.Automated Parking Space Detection Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07228.pdf)
>  Finding a parking space nowadays becomes an issue that is not to be neglected, it consumes time and energy. We have used computer vision techniques to infer the state of the parking lot given the data collected from the University of The Witwatersrand. This paper presents an approach for a real-time parking space classification based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) using Caffe and Nvidia DiGITS framework. The training process has been done using DiGITS and the output is a caffemodel used for predictions to detect vacant and occupied parking spots. The system checks a defined area whether a parking spot (bounding boxes defined at initialization of the system) is containing a car or not (occupied or vacant). Those bounding box coordinates are saved from a frame of the video of the parking lot in a JSON format, to be later used by the system for sequential prediction on each parking spot. The system has been trained using the LeNet network with the Nesterov Accelerated Gradient as solver and the AlexNet network with the Stochastic Gradient Descent as solver. We were able to get an accuracy on the validation set of 99\% for both networks. The accuracy on a foreign dataset(PKLot) returned as well 99\%. Those are experimental results based on the training set shows how robust the system can be when the prediction has to take place in a different parking space.      
### 34.More Real than Real: A Study on Human Visual Perception of Synthetic Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07226.pdf)
>  Deep fakes became extremely popular in the last years, also thanks to their increasing realism. Therefore, there is the need to measures human's ability to distinguish between real and synthetic face images when confronted with cutting-edge creation technologies. We describe the design and results of a perceptual experiment we have conducted, where a wide and diverse group of volunteers has been exposed to synthetic face images produced by state-of-the-art Generative Adversarial Networks (namely, PG-GAN, StyleGAN, StyleGAN2). The experiment outcomes reveal how strongly we should call into question our human ability to discriminate real faces from synthetic ones generated through modern AI.      
### 35.SGE net: Video object detection with squeezed GRU and information entropy map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07224.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based video object detection has attracted more and more attention. Compared with object detection of static images, video object detection is more challenging due to the motion of objects, while providing rich temporal information. The RNN-based algorithm is an effective way to enhance detection performance in videos with temporal information. However, most studies in this area only focus on accuracy while ignoring the calculation cost and the number of parameters. <br>In this paper, we propose an efficient method that combines channel-reduced convolutional GRU (Squeezed GRU), and Information Entropy map for video object detection (SGE-Net). The experimental results validate the accuracy improvement, computational savings of the Squeezed GRU, and superiority of the information entropy attention mechanism on the classification performance. The mAP has increased by 3.7 contrasted with the baseline, and the number of parameters has decreased from 6.33 million to 0.67 million compared with the standard GRU.      
### 36.Context-Aware Image Inpainting with Learned Semantic Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07220.pdf)
>  Recent advances in image inpainting have shown impressive results for generating plausible visual details on rather simple backgrounds. However, for complex scenes, it is still challenging to restore reasonable contents as the contextual information within the missing regions tends to be ambiguous. To tackle this problem, we introduce pretext tasks that are semantically meaningful to estimating the missing contents. In particular, we perform knowledge distillation on pretext models and adapt the features to image inpainting. The learned semantic priors ought to be partially invariant between the high-level pretext task and low-level image inpainting, which not only help to understand the global context but also provide structural guidance for the restoration of local textures. Based on the semantic priors, we further propose a context-aware image inpainting model, which adaptively integrates global semantics and local features in a unified image generator. The semantic learner and the image generator are trained in an end-to-end manner. We name the model SPL to highlight its ability to learn and leverage semantic priors. It achieves the state of the art on Places2, CelebA, and Paris StreetView datasets.      
### 37.Over-Fit: Noisy-Label Detection based on the Overfitted Model Property  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07217.pdf)
>  Due to the increasing need to handle the noisy label problem in a massive dataset, learning with noisy labels has received much attention in recent years. As a promising approach, there have been recent studies to select clean training data by finding small-loss instances before a deep neural network overfits the noisy-label data. However, it is challenging to prevent overfitting. In this paper, we propose a novel noisy-label detection algorithm by employing the property of overfitting on individual data points. To this end, we present two novel criteria that statistically measure how much each training sample abnormally affects the model and clean validation data. Using the criteria, our iterative algorithm removes noisy-label samples and retrains the model alternately until no further performance improvement is made. In experiments on multiple benchmark datasets, we demonstrate the validity of our algorithm and show that our algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art methods when the exact noise rates are not given. Furthermore, we show that our method can not only be expanded to a real-world video dataset but also can be viewed as a regularization method to solve problems caused by overfitting.      
### 38.Hard Samples Rectification for Unsupervised Cross-domain Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07204.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) has received great success with the supervised learning methods. However, the task of unsupervised cross-domain re-ID is still challenging. In this paper, we propose a Hard Samples Rectification (HSR) learning scheme which resolves the weakness of original clustering-based methods being vulnerable to the hard positive and negative samples in the target unlabelled dataset. Our HSR contains two parts, an inter-camera mining method that helps recognize a person under different views (hard positive) and a part-based homogeneity technique that makes the model discriminate different persons but with similar appearance (hard negative). By rectifying those two hard cases, the re-ID model can learn effectively and achieve promising results on two large-scale benchmarks.      
### 39.Group-based Bi-Directional Recurrent Wavelet Neural Networks for Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07190.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR) aims to estimate a high-resolution (HR) frame from a low-resolution (LR) frames. The key challenge for VSR lies in the effective exploitation of spatial correlation in an intra-frame and temporal dependency between consecutive frames. However, most of the previous methods treat different types of the spatial features identically and extract spatial and temporal features from the separated modules. It leads to lack of obtaining meaningful information and enhancing the fine details. In VSR, there are three types of temporal modeling frameworks: 2D convolutional neural networks (CNN), 3D CNN, and recurrent neural networks (RNN). Among them, the RNN-based approach is suitable for sequential data. Thus the SR performance can be greatly improved by using the hidden states of adjacent frames. However, at each of time step in a recurrent structure, the RNN-based previous works utilize the neighboring features restrictively. Since the range of accessible motion per time step is narrow, there are still limitations to restore the missing details for dynamic or large motion. In this paper, we propose a group-based bi-directional recurrent wavelet neural networks (GBR-WNN) to exploit the sequential data and spatio-temporal information effectively for VSR. The proposed group-based bi-directional RNN (GBR) temporal modeling framework is built on the well-structured process with the group of pictures (GOP). We propose a temporal wavelet attention (TWA) module, in which attention is adopted for both spatial and temporal features. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves superior performance compared with state-of-the-art methods in both of quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 40.Sejong Face Database: A Multi-Modal Disguise Face Database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07186.pdf)
>  Commercial application of facial recognition demands robustness to a variety of challenges such as illumination, occlusion, spoofing, disguise, etc. Disguised face recognition is one of the emerging issues for access control systems, such as security checkpoints at the borders. However, the lack of availability of face databases with a variety of disguise addons limits the development of academic research in the area. In this paper, we present a multimodal disguised face dataset to facilitate the disguised face recognition research. The presented database contains 8 facial add-ons and 7 additional combinations of these add-ons to create a variety of disguised face images. Each facial image is captured in visible, visible plus infrared, infrared, and thermal spectra. Specifically, the database contains 100 subjects divided into subset-A (30 subjects, 1 image per modality) and subset-B (70 subjects, 5 plus images per modality). We also present baseline face detection results performed on the proposed database to provide reference results and compare the performance in different modalities. Qualitative and quantitative analysis is performed to evaluate the challenging nature of disguise addons. The dataset will be publicly available with the acceptance of the research article. The database is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/usmancheema89/SejongFaceDatabase" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.2rd Place Solutions in the HC-STVG track of Person in Context Challenge 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07166.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we present our solution to localize a spatio-temporal person in an untrimmed video based on a sentence. We achieve the second vIOU(0.30025) in the HC-STVG track of the 3rd Person in Context(PIC) Challenge. Our solution contains three parts: 1) human attributes information is extracted from the sentence, it is helpful to filter out tube proposals in the testing phase and supervise our classifier to learn appearance information in the training phase. 2) we detect humans with YoloV5 and track humans based on the DeepSort framework but replace the original ReID network with FastReID. 3) a visual transformer is used to extract cross-modal representations for localizing a spatio-temporal tube of the target person.      
### 42.Self-training Guided Adversarial Domain Adaptation For Thermal Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07165.pdf)
>  Deep models trained on large-scale RGB image datasets have shown tremendous success. It is important to apply such deep models to real-world problems. However, these models suffer from a performance bottleneck under illumination changes. Thermal IR cameras are more robust against such changes, and thus can be very useful for the real-world problems. In order to investigate efficacy of combining feature-rich visible spectrum and thermal image modalities, we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation method which does not require RGB-to-thermal image pairs. We employ large-scale RGB dataset MS-COCO as source domain and thermal dataset FLIR ADAS as target domain to demonstrate results of our method. Although adversarial domain adaptation methods aim to align the distributions of source and target domains, simply aligning the distributions cannot guarantee perfect generalization to the target domain. To this end, we propose a self-training guided adversarial domain adaptation method to promote generalization capabilities of adversarial domain adaptation methods. To perform self-training, pseudo labels are assigned to the samples on the target thermal domain to learn more generalized representations for the target domain. Extensive experimental analyses show that our proposed method achieves better results than the state-of-the-art adversarial domain adaptation methods. The code and models are publicly available.      
### 43.Object-Guided Instance Segmentation With Auxiliary Feature Refinement for Biological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07159.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation is of great importance for many biological applications, such as study of neural cell interactions, plant phenotyping, and quantitatively measuring how cells react to drug treatment. In this paper, we propose a novel box-based instance segmentation method. Box-based instance segmentation methods capture objects via bounding boxes and then perform individual segmentation within each bounding box region. However, existing methods can hardly differentiate the target from its neighboring objects within the same bounding box region due to their similar textures and low-contrast boundaries. To deal with this problem, in this paper, we propose an object-guided instance segmentation method. Our method first detects the center points of the objects, from which the bounding box parameters are then predicted. To perform segmentation, an object-guided coarse-to-fine segmentation branch is built along with the detection branch. The segmentation branch reuses the object features as guidance to separate target object from the neighboring ones within the same bounding box region. To further improve the segmentation quality, we design an auxiliary feature refinement module that densely samples and refines point-wise features in the boundary regions. Experimental results on three biological image datasets demonstrate the advantages of our method. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yijingru/ObjGuided-Instance-Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Selection of Source Images Heavily Influences the Effectiveness of Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07141.pdf)
>  Although the adoption rate of deep neural networks (DNNs) has tremendously increased in recent years, a solution for their vulnerability against adversarial examples has not yet been found. As a result, substantial research efforts are dedicated to fix this weakness, with many studies typically using a subset of source images to generate adversarial examples, treating every image in this subset as equal. We demonstrate that, in fact, not every source image is equally suited for this kind of assessment. To do so, we devise a large-scale model-to-model transferability scenario for which we meticulously analyze the properties of adversarial examples, generated from every suitable source image in ImageNet by making use of two of the most frequently deployed attacks. In this transferability scenario, which involves seven distinct DNN models, including the recently proposed vision transformers, we reveal that it is possible to have a difference of up to $12.5\%$ in model-to-model transferability success, $1.01$ in average $L_2$ perturbation, and $0.03$ ($8/225$) in average $L_{\infty}$ perturbation when $1,000$ source images are sampled randomly among all suitable candidates. We then take one of the first steps in evaluating the robustness of images used to create adversarial examples, proposing a number of simple but effective methods to identify unsuitable source images, thus making it possible to mitigate extreme cases in experimentation and support high-quality benchmarking.      
### 45.SinIR: Efficient General Image Manipulation with Single Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07140.pdf)
>  We propose SinIR, an efficient reconstruction-based framework trained on a single natural image for general image manipulation, including super-resolution, editing, harmonization, paint-to-image, photo-realistic style transfer, and artistic style transfer. We train our model on a single image with cascaded multi-scale learning, where each network at each scale is responsible for image reconstruction. This reconstruction objective greatly reduces the complexity and running time of training, compared to the GAN objective. However, the reconstruction objective also exacerbates the output quality. Therefore, to solve this problem, we further utilize simple random pixel shuffling, which also gives control over manipulation, inspired by the Denoising Autoencoder. With quantitative evaluation, we show that SinIR has competitive performance on various image manipulation tasks. Moreover, with a much simpler training objective (i.e., reconstruction), SinIR is trained 33.5 times faster than SinGAN (for 500 X 500 images) that solves similar tasks. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/YooJiHyeong/SinIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 46.Bayesian dense inverse searching algorithm for real-time stereo matching in minimally invasive surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07136.pdf)
>  This paper reports a CPU-level real-time stereo matching method for surgical images (10 Hz on 640 * 480 image with a single core of i5-9400). The proposed method is built on the fast ''dense inverse searching'' algorithm, which estimates the disparity of the stereo images. The overlapping image patches (arbitrary squared image segment) from the images at different scales are aligned based on the photometric consistency presumption. We propose a Bayesian framework to evaluate the probability of the optimized patch disparity at different scales. Moreover, we introduce a spatial Gaussian mixed probability distribution to address the pixel-wise probability within the patch. In-vivo and synthetic experiments show that our method can handle ambiguities resulted from the textureless surfaces and the photometric inconsistency caused by the Lambertian reflectance. Our Bayesian method correctly balances the probability of the patch for stereo images at different scales. Experiments indicate that the estimated depth has higher accuracy and fewer outliers than the baseline methods in the surgical scenario.      
### 47.Discerning the painter's hand: machine learning on surface topography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07134.pdf)
>  Attribution of paintings is a critical problem in art history. This study extends machine learning analysis to surface topography of painted works. A controlled study of positive attribution was designed with paintings produced by a class of art students. The paintings were scanned using a confocal optical profilometer to produce surface data. The surface data were divided into virtual patches and used to train an ensemble of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for attribution. Over a range of patch sizes from 0.5 to 60 mm, the resulting attribution was found to be 60 to 96% accurate, and, when comparing regions of different color, was nearly twice as accurate as CNNs using color images of the paintings. Remarkably, short length scales, as small as twice a bristle diameter, were the key to reliably distinguishing among artists. These results show promise for real-world attribution, particularly in the case of workshop practice.      
### 48.Reducing Effects of Swath Gaps on Unsupervised Machine Learning Models for NASA MODIS Instruments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07113.pdf)
>  Due to the nature of their pathways, NASA Terra and NASA Aqua satellites capture imagery containing swath gaps, which are areas of no data. Swath gaps can overlap the region of interest (ROI) completely, often rendering the entire imagery unusable by Machine Learning (ML) models. This problem is further exacerbated when the ROI rarely occurs (e.g. a hurricane) and, on occurrence, is partially overlapped with a swath gap. With annotated data as supervision, a model can learn to differentiate between the area of focus and the swath gap. However, annotation is expensive and currently the vast majority of existing data is unannotated. Hence, we propose an augmentation technique that considerably removes the existence of swath gaps in order to allow CNNs to focus on the ROI, and thus successfully use data with swath gaps for training. We experiment on the UC Merced Land Use Dataset, where we add swath gaps through empty polygons (up to 20 percent areas) and then apply augmentation techniques to fill the swath gaps. We compare the model trained with our augmentation techniques on the swath gap-filled data with the model trained on the original swath gap-less data and note highly augmented performance. Additionally, we perform a qualitative analysis using activation maps that visualizes the effectiveness of our trained network in not paying attention to the swath gaps. We also evaluate our results with a human baseline and show that, in certain cases, the filled swath gaps look so realistic that even a human evaluator did not distinguish between original satellite images and swath gap-filled images. Since this method is aimed at unlabeled data, it is widely generalizable and impactful for large scale unannotated datasets from various space data domains.      
### 49.On-Off Center-Surround Receptive Fields for Accurate and Robust Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07091.pdf)
>  Robustness to variations in lighting conditions is a key objective for any deep vision system. To this end, our paper extends the receptive field of convolutional neural networks with two residual components, ubiquitous in the visual processing system of vertebrates: On-center and off-center pathways, with excitatory center and inhibitory surround; OOCS for short. The on-center pathway is excited by the presence of a light stimulus in its center but not in its surround, whereas the off-center one is excited by the absence of a light stimulus in its center but not in its surround. We design OOCS pathways via a difference of Gaussians, with their variance computed analytically from the size of the receptive fields. OOCS pathways complement each other in their response to light stimuli, ensuring this way a strong edge-detection capability, and as a result, an accurate and robust inference under challenging lighting conditions. We provide extensive empirical evidence showing that networks supplied with the OOCS edge representation gain accuracy and illumination-robustness compared to standard deep models.      
### 50.Survey: Image Mixing and Deleting for Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07085.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has been widely used to improve deep nerual networks performance. Numerous approaches are suggested, for example, dropout, regularization and image augmentation, to avoid over-ftting and enhancing generalization of neural networks. One of the sub-area within data augmentation is image mixing and deleting. This specific type of augmentation either mixes two images or delete image regions to hide or make certain characteristics of images confusing for the network to force it to emphasize on overall structure of object in image. The model trained with this approach has shown to perform and generalize well as compared to one trained without imgage mixing or deleting. Additional benefit achieved with this method of training is robustness against image corruptions. Due to its low compute cost and success in recent past, many techniques of image mixing and deleting are proposed. This paper provides detailed review on these devised approaches, dividing augmentation strategies in three main categories cut and delete, cut and mix and mixup. The second part of paper emprically evaluates these approaches for image classification, finegrained image recognition and object detection where it is shown that this category of data augmentation improves the overall performance for deep neural networks.      
### 51.A baseline for semi-supervised learning of efficient semantic segmentation models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07075.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning is especially interesting in the dense prediction context due to high cost of pixel-level ground truth. Unfortunately, most such approaches are evaluated on outdated architectures which hamper research due to very slow training and high requirements on GPU RAM. We address this concern by presenting a simple and effective baseline which works very well both on standard and efficient architectures. Our baseline is based on one-way consistency and non-linear geometric and photometric perturbations. We show advantage of perturbing only the student branch and present a plausible explanation of such behaviour. Experiments on Cityscapes and CIFAR-10 demonstrate competitive performance with respect to prior work.      
### 52.HistoTransfer: Understanding Transfer Learning for Histopathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07068.pdf)
>  Advancement in digital pathology and artificial intelligence has enabled deep learning-based computer vision techniques for automated disease diagnosis and prognosis. However, WSIs present unique computational and algorithmic challenges. WSIs are gigapixel-sized, making them infeasible to be used directly for training deep neural networks. Hence, for modeling, a two-stage approach is adopted: Patch representations are extracted first, followed by the aggregation for WSI prediction. These approaches require detailed pixel-level annotations for training the patch encoder. However, obtaining these annotations is time-consuming and tedious for medical experts. Transfer learning is used to address this gap and deep learning architectures pre-trained on ImageNet are used for generating patch-level representation. Even though ImageNet differs significantly from histopathology data, pre-trained networks have been shown to perform impressively on histopathology data. Also, progress in self-supervised and multi-task learning coupled with the release of multiple histopathology data has led to the release of histopathology-specific networks. In this work, we compare the performance of features extracted from networks trained on ImageNet and histopathology data. We use an attention pooling network over these extracted features for slide-level aggregation. We investigate if features learned using more complex networks lead to gain in performance. We use a simple top-k sampling approach for fine-tuning framework and study the representation similarity between frozen and fine-tuned networks using Centered Kernel Alignment. Further, to examine if intermediate block representation is better suited for feature extraction and ImageNet architectures are unnecessarily large for histopathology, we truncate the blocks of ResNet18 and DenseNet121 and examine the performance.      
### 53.Weakly-supervised High-resolution Segmentation of Mammography Images for Breast Cancer Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07049.pdf)
>  In the last few years, deep learning classifiers have shown promising results in image-based medical diagnosis. However, interpreting the outputs of these models remains a challenge. In cancer diagnosis, interpretability can be achieved by localizing the region of the input image responsible for the output, i.e. the location of a lesion. Alternatively, segmentation or detection models can be trained with pixel-wise annotations indicating the locations of malignant lesions. Unfortunately, acquiring such labels is labor-intensive and requires medical expertise. To overcome this difficulty, weakly-supervised localization can be utilized. These methods allow neural network classifiers to output saliency maps highlighting the regions of the input most relevant to the classification task (e.g. malignant lesions in mammograms) using only image-level labels (e.g. whether the patient has cancer or not) during training. When applied to high-resolution images, existing methods produce low-resolution saliency maps. This is problematic in applications in which suspicious lesions are small in relation to the image size. In this work, we introduce a novel neural network architecture to perform weakly-supervised segmentation of high-resolution images. The proposed model selects regions of interest via coarse-level localization, and then performs fine-grained segmentation of those regions. We apply this model to breast cancer diagnosis with screening mammography, and validate it on a large clinically-realistic dataset. Measured by Dice similarity score, our approach outperforms existing methods by a large margin in terms of localization performance of benign and malignant lesions, relatively improving the performance by 39.6% and 20.0%, respectively. Code and the weights of some of the models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nyukat/GLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 54.Reborn Mechanism: Rethinking the Negative Phase Information Flow in Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07026.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel nonlinear activation mechanism typically for convolutional neural network (CNN), named as reborn mechanism. In sharp contrast to ReLU which cuts off the negative phase value, the reborn mechanism enjoys the capacity to reborn and reconstruct dead neurons. Compared to other improved ReLU functions, reborn mechanism introduces a more proper way to utilize the negative phase information. Extensive experiments validate that this activation mechanism is able to enhance the model representation ability more significantly and make the better use of the input data information while maintaining the advantages of the original ReLU function. Moreover, reborn mechanism enables a non-symmetry that is hardly achieved by traditional CNNs and can act as a channel compensation method, offering competitive or even better performance but with fewer learned parameters than traditional methods. Reborn mechanism was tested on various benchmark datasets, all obtaining better performance than previous nonlinear activation functions.      
### 55.Styleformer: Transformer based Generative Adversarial Networks with Style Vector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07023.pdf)
>  We propose Styleformer, which is a style-based generator for GAN architecture, but a convolution-free transformer-based generator. In our paper, we explain how a transformer can generate high-quality images, overcoming the disadvantage that convolution operations are difficult to capture global features in an image. Furthermore, we change the demodulation of StyleGAN2 and modify the existing transformer structure (e.g., residual connection, layer normalization) to create a strong style-based generator with a convolution-free structure. We also make Styleformer lighter by applying Linformer, enabling Styleformer to generate higher resolution images and result in improvements in terms of speed and memory. We experiment with the low-resolution image dataset such as CIFAR-10, as well as the high-resolution image dataset like LSUN-church. Styleformer records FID 2.82 and IS 9.94 on CIFAR-10, a benchmark dataset, which is comparable performance to the current state-of-the-art and outperforms all GAN-based generative models, including StyleGAN2-ADA with fewer parameters on the unconditional setting. We also both achieve new state-of-the-art with FID 20.11, IS 10.16, and FID 3.66, respectively on STL-10 and CelebA. We release our code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jeeseung-Park/Styleformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Generation of the NIR spectral Band for Satellite Images with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07020.pdf)
>  The near-infrared (NIR) spectral range (from 780 to 2500 nm) of the multispectral remote sensing imagery provides vital information for the landcover classification, especially concerning the vegetation assessment. Despite the usefulness of NIR, common RGB is not always accompanied by it. Modern achievements in image processing via deep neural networks allow generating artificial spectral information, such as for the image colorization problem. In this research, we aim to investigate whether this approach can produce not only visually similar images but also an artificial spectral band that can improve the performance of computer vision algorithms for solving remote sensing tasks. We study the generative adversarial network (GAN) approach in the task of the NIR band generation using just RGB channels of high-resolution satellite imagery. We evaluate the impact of a generated channel on the model performance for solving the forest segmentation task. Our results show an increase in model accuracy when using generated NIR comparing to the baseline model that uses only RGB (0.947 and 0.914 F1-score accordingly). Conducted study shows the advantages of generating the extra band and its implementation in applied challenges reducing the required amount of labeled data.      
### 57.Siamese Network Training Using Sampled Triplets and Image Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07015.pdf)
>  The device used in this work detects the objects over the surface of the water using two thermal cameras which aid the users to detect and avoid the objects in scenarios where the human eyes cannot (night, fog, etc.). To avoid the obstacle collision autonomously, it is required to track the objects in real-time and assign a specific identity to each object to determine its dynamics (trajectory, velocity, etc.) for making estimated collision predictions. In the following work, a Machine Learning (ML) approach for Computer Vision (CV) called Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) was used using TensorFlow as the high-level programming environment in Python. To validate the algorithm a test set was generated using an annotation tool that was created during the work for proper evaluation. Once validated, the algorithm was deployed on the platform and tested with the sequence generated by the test boat.      
### 58.Noise2Score: Tweedie's Approach to Self-Supervised Image Denoising without Clean Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07009.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been extensive research interest in training deep networks to denoise images without clean reference. However, the representative approaches such as Noise2Noise, Noise2Void, Stein's unbiased risk estimator (SURE), etc. seem to differ from one another and it is difficult to find the coherent mathematical structure. To address this, here we present a novel approach, called Noise2Score, which reveals a missing link in order to unite these seemingly different approaches. Specifically, we show that image denoising problems without clean images can be addressed by finding the mode of the posterior distribution and that the Tweedie's formula offers an explicit solution through the score function (i.e. the gradient of log likelihood). Our method then uses the recent finding that the score function can be stably estimated from the noisy images using the amortized residual denoising autoencoder, the method of which is closely related to Noise2Noise or Nose2Void. Our Noise2Score approach is so universal that the same network training can be used to remove noises from images that are corrupted by any exponential family distributions and noise parameters. Using extensive experiments with Gaussian, Poisson, and Gamma noises, we show that Noise2Score significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art self-supervised denoising methods in the benchmark data set such as (C)BSD68, Set12, and Kodak, etc.      
### 59.Pyramidal Dense Attention Networks for Lightweight Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06996.pdf)
>  Recently, deep convolutional neural network methods have achieved an excellent performance in image superresolution (SR), but they can not be easily applied to embedded devices due to large memory cost. To solve this problem, we propose a pyramidal dense attention network (PDAN) for lightweight image super-resolution in this paper. In our method, the proposed pyramidal dense learning can gradually increase the width of the densely connected layer inside a pyramidal dense block to extract deep features efficiently. Meanwhile, the adaptive group convolution that the number of groups grows linearly with dense convolutional layers is introduced to relieve the parameter explosion. Besides, we also present a novel joint attention to capture cross-dimension interaction between the spatial dimensions and channel dimension in an efficient way for providing rich discriminative feature representations. Extensive experimental results show that our method achieves superior performance in comparison with the state-of-the-art lightweight SR methods.      
### 60.Is Perfect Filtering Enough Leading to Perfect Phase Correction for dMRI data?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06992.pdf)
>  Being complex-valued and low in signal-to-noise ratios, magnitude-based diffusion MRI is confounded by the noise-floor that falsely elevates signal magnitude and incurs bias to the commonly used diffusion indices, such as fractional anisotropy (FA). To avoid noise-floor, most existing phase correction methods explore improving filters to estimate the noise-free background phase. In this work, after diving into the phase correction procedures, we argue that even a perfect filter is insufficient for phase correction because the correction procedures are incapable of distinguishing sign-symbols of noise, resulting in artifacts (\textit{i.e.}, arbitrary signal loss). With this insight, we generalize the definition of noise-floor to a complex polar coordinate system and propose a calibration procedure that could conveniently distinguish noise sign symbols. The calibration procedure is conceptually simple and easy to implement without relying on any external technique while keeping distinctly effective.      
### 61.NDPNet: A novel non-linear data projection network for few-shot fine-gained image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06988.pdf)
>  Metric-based few-shot fine-grained image classification (FSFGIC) aims to learn a transferable feature embedding network by estimating the similarities between query images and support classes from very few examples. In this work, we propose, for the first time, to introduce the non-linear data projection concept into the design of FSFGIC architecture in order to address the limited sample problem in few-shot learning and at the same time to increase the discriminability of the model for fine-grained image classification. Specifically, we first design a feature re-abstraction embedding network that has the ability to not only obtain the required semantic features for effective metric learning but also re-enhance such features with finer details from input images. Then the descriptors of the query images and the support classes are projected into different non-linear spaces in our proposed similarity metric learning network to learn discriminative projection factors. This design can effectively operate in the challenging and restricted condition of a FSFGIC task for making the distance between the samples within the same class smaller and the distance between samples from different classes larger and for reducing the coupling relationship between samples from different categories. Furthermore, a novel similarity measure based on the proposed non-linear data project is presented for evaluating the relationships of feature information between a query image and a support set. It is worth to note that our proposed architecture can be easily embedded into any episodic training mechanisms for end-to-end training from scratch. Extensive experiments on FSFGIC tasks demonstrate the superiority of the proposed methods over the state-of-the-art benchmarks.      
### 62.NLHD: A Pixel-Level Non-Local Retinex Model for Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06971.pdf)
>  Retinex model has been applied to low-light image enhancement in many existing methods. More appropriate decomposition of a low-light image can help achieve better image enhancement. In this paper, we propose a new pixel-level non-local Haar transform based illumination and reflectance decomposition method (NLHD). The unique low-frequency coefficient of Haar transform on each similar pixel group is used to reconstruct the illumination component, and the rest of all high-frequency coefficients are employed to reconstruct the reflectance component. The complete similarity of pixels in a matched similar pixel group and the simple separable Haar transform help to obtain more appropriate image decomposition; thus, the image is hardly sharpened in the image brightness enhancement procedure. The exponential transform and logarithmic transform are respectively implemented on the illumination component. Then a minimum fusion strategy on the results of these two transforms is utilized to achieve more natural illumination component enhancement. It can alleviate the mosaic artifacts produced in the darker regions by the exponential transform with a gamma value less than 1 and reduce information loss caused by excessive enhancement of the brighter regions due to the logarithmic transform. Finally, the Retinex model is applied to the enhanced illumination and reflectance to achieve image enhancement. We also develop a local noise level estimation based noise suppression method and a non-local saturation reduction based color deviation correction method. These two methods can respectively attenuate noise or color deviation usually presented in the enhanced results of the extremely dark low-light images. Experiments on benchmark datasets show that the proposed method can achieve better low-light image enhancement results on subjective and objective evaluations than most existing methods.      
### 63.Feedback Pyramid Attention Networks for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06966.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural network (CNN) based image super-resolution (SR) methods have achieved significant performance improvement. However, most CNN-based methods mainly focus on feed-forward architecture design and neglect to explore the feedback mechanism, which usually exists in the human visual system. In this paper, we propose feedback pyramid attention networks (FPAN) to fully exploit the mutual dependencies of features. Specifically, a novel feedback connection structure is developed to enhance low-level feature expression with high-level information. In our method, the output of each layer in the first stage is also used as the input of the corresponding layer in the next state to re-update the previous low-level filters. Moreover, we introduce a pyramid non-local structure to model global contextual information in different scales and improve the discriminative representation of the network. Extensive experimental results on various datasets demonstrate the superiority of our FPAN in comparison with the state-of-the-art SR methods.      
### 64.Contrastive Attention for Automatic Chest X-ray Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06965.pdf)
>  Recently, chest X-ray report generation, which aims to automatically generate descriptions of given chest X-ray images, has received growing research interests. The key challenge of chest X-ray report generation is to accurately capture and describe the abnormal regions. In most cases, the normal regions dominate the entire chest X-ray image, and the corresponding descriptions of these normal regions dominate the final report. Due to such data bias, learning-based models may fail to attend to abnormal regions. In this work, to effectively capture and describe abnormal regions, we propose the Contrastive Attention (CA) model. Instead of solely focusing on the current input image, the CA model compares the current input image with normal images to distill the contrastive information. The acquired contrastive information can better represent the visual features of abnormal regions. According to the experiments on the public IU-X-ray and MIMIC-CXR datasets, incorporating our CA into several existing models can boost their performance across most metrics. In addition, according to the analysis, the CA model can help existing models better attend to the abnormal regions and provide more accurate descriptions which are crucial for an interpretable diagnosis. Specifically, we achieve the state-of-the-art results on the two public datasets.      
### 65.Exploring and Distilling Posterior and Prior Knowledge for Radiology Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06963.pdf)
>  Automatically generating radiology reports can improve current clinical practice in diagnostic radiology. On one hand, it can relieve radiologists from the heavy burden of report writing; On the other hand, it can remind radiologists of abnormalities and avoid the misdiagnosis and missed diagnosis. Yet, this task remains a challenging job for data-driven neural networks, due to the serious visual and textual data biases. To this end, we propose a Posterior-and-Prior Knowledge Exploring-and-Distilling approach (PPKED) to imitate the working patterns of radiologists, who will first examine the abnormal regions and assign the disease topic tags to the abnormal regions, and then rely on the years of prior medical knowledge and prior working experience accumulations to write reports. Thus, the PPKED includes three modules: Posterior Knowledge Explorer (PoKE), Prior Knowledge Explorer (PrKE) and Multi-domain Knowledge Distiller (MKD). In detail, PoKE explores the posterior knowledge, which provides explicit abnormal visual regions to alleviate visual data bias; PrKE explores the prior knowledge from the prior medical knowledge graph (medical knowledge) and prior radiology reports (working experience) to alleviate textual data bias. The explored knowledge is distilled by the MKD to generate the final reports. Evaluated on MIMIC-CXR and IU-Xray datasets, our method is able to outperform previous state-of-the-art models on these two datasets.      
### 66.Representation and Correlation Enhanced Encoder-Decoder Framework for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06960.pdf)
>  Attention-based encoder-decoder framework is widely used in the scene text recognition task. However, for the current state-of-the-art(SOTA) methods, there is room for improvement in terms of the efficient usage of local visual and global context information of the input text image, as well as the robust correlation between the scene processing module(encoder) and the text processing module(decoder). In this paper, we propose a Representation and Correlation Enhanced Encoder-Decoder Framework(RCEED) to address these deficiencies and break performance bottleneck. In the encoder module, local visual feature, global context feature, and position information are aligned and fused to generate a small-size comprehensive feature map. In the decoder module, two methods are utilized to enhance the correlation between scene and text feature space. 1) The decoder initialization is guided by the holistic feature and global glimpse vector exported from the encoder. 2) The feature enriched glimpse vector produced by the Multi-Head General Attention is used to assist the RNN iteration and the character prediction at each time step. Meanwhile, we also design a Layernorm-Dropout LSTM cell to improve model's generalization towards changeable texts. Extensive experiments on the benchmarks demonstrate the advantageous performance of RCEED in scene text recognition tasks, especially the irregular ones.      
### 67.Do Not Escape From the Manifold: Discovering the Local Coordinates on the Latent Space of GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06959.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method to find local-geometry-aware traversal directions on the intermediate latent space of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). These directions are defined as an ordered basis of tangent space at a latent code. Motivated by the intrinsic sparsity of the latent space, the basis is discovered by solving the low-rank approximation problem of the differential of the partial network. Moreover, the local traversal basis leads to a natural iterative traversal on the latent space. Iterative Curve-Traversal shows stable traversal on images, since the trajectory of latent code stays close to the latent space even under the strong perturbations compared to the linear traversal. This stability provides far more diverse variations of the given image. Although the proposed method can be applied to various GAN models, we focus on the W-space of the StyleGAN2, which is renowned for showing the better disentanglement of the latent factors of variation. Our quantitative and qualitative analysis provides evidence showing that the W-space is still globally warped while showing a certain degree of global consistency of interpretable variation. In particular, we introduce some metrics on the Grassmannian manifolds to quantify the global warpage of the W-space and the subspace traversal to test the stability of traversal directions.      
### 68.A Stronger Baseline for Ego-Centric Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06942.pdf)
>  This technical report analyzes an egocentric video action detection method we used in the 2021 EPIC-KITCHENS-100 competition hosted in CVPR2021 Workshop. The goal of our task is to locate the start time and the end time of the action in the long untrimmed video, and predict action category. We adopt sliding window strategy to generate proposals, which can better adapt to short-duration actions. In addition, we show that classification and proposals are conflict in the same network. The separation of the two tasks boost the detection performance with high efficiency. By simply employing these strategy, we achieved 16.10\% performance on the test set of EPIC-KITCHENS-100 Action Detection challenge using a single model, surpassing the baseline method by 11.7\% in terms of average mAP.      
### 69.Cross-Modal Attention Consistency for Video-Audio Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06939.pdf)
>  Cross-modal correlation provides an inherent supervision for video unsupervised representation learning. Existing methods focus on distinguishing different video clips by visual and audio representations. We human visual perception could attend to regions where sounds are made, and our auditory perception could also ground their frequencies of sounding objects, which we call bidirectional local correspondence. Such supervision is intuitive but not well explored in the contrastive learning framework. This paper introduces a pretext task, Cross-Modal Attention Consistency (CMAC), for exploring the bidirectional local correspondence property. The CMAC approach aims to align the regional attention generated purely from the visual signal with the target attention generated under the guidance of acoustic signal, and do a similar alignment for frequency grounding on the acoustic attention. Accompanied by a remoulded cross-modal contrastive loss where we consider additional within-modal interactions, the CMAC approach works effectively for enforcing the bidirectional alignment. Extensive experiments on six downstream benchmarks demonstrate that CMAC can improve the state-of-the-art performance on both visual and audio modalities.      
### 70.Inverting Adversarially Robust Networks for Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06927.pdf)
>  Recent research in adversarially robust classifiers suggests their representations tend to be aligned with human perception, which makes them attractive for image synthesis and restoration applications. Despite favorable empirical results on a few downstream tasks, their advantages are limited to slow and sensitive optimization-based techniques. Moreover, their use on generative models remains unexplored. This work proposes the use of robust representations as a perceptual primitive for feature inversion models, and show its benefits with respect to standard non-robust image features. We empirically show that adopting robust representations as an image prior significantly improves the reconstruction accuracy of CNN-based feature inversion models. Furthermore, it allows reconstructing images at multiple scales out-of-the-box. Following these findings, we propose an encoding-decoding network based on robust representations and show its advantages for applications such as anomaly detection, style transfer and image denoising.      
### 71.Deep Learning for Reversible Steganography: Principles and Insights  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06924.pdf)
>  Deep-learning\textendash{centric} reversible steganography has emerged as a promising research paradigm. A direct way of applying deep learning to reversible steganography is to construct a pair of encoder and decoder, whose parameters are trained jointly, thereby learning the steganographic system as a whole. This end-to-end framework, however, falls short of the reversibility requirement because it is difficult for this kind of monolithic system, as a black box, to create or duplicate intricate reversible mechanisms. In response to this issue, a recent approach is to carve up the steganographic system and work on modules independently. In particular, neural networks are deployed in an analytics module to learn the data distribution, while an established mechanism is called upon to handle the remaining tasks. In this paper, we investigate the modular framework and deploy deep neural networks in a reversible steganographic scheme referred to as prediction-error modulation, in which an analytics module serves the purpose of pixel intensity prediction. The primary focus of this study is on deep-learning\textendash{based} context-aware pixel intensity prediction. We address the unsolved issues reported in related literature, including the impact of pixel initialisation on prediction accuracy and the influence of uncertainty propagation in dual-layer embedding. Furthermore, we establish a connection between context-aware pixel intensity prediction and low-level computer vision and analyse the performance of several advanced neural networks.      
### 72.An Interaction-based Convolutional Neural Network (ICNN) Towards Better Understanding of COVID-19 X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06911.pdf)
>  The field of Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) aims to build explainable and interpretable machine learning (or deep learning) methods without sacrificing prediction performance. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been successful in making predictions, especially in image classification. However, these famous deep learning models use tens of millions of parameters based on a large number of pre-trained filters which have been repurposed from previous data sets. We propose a novel Interaction-based Convolutional Neural Network (ICNN) that does not make assumptions about the relevance of local information. Instead, we use a model-free Influence Score (I-score) to directly extract the influential information from images to form important variable modules. We demonstrate that the proposed method produces state-of-the-art prediction performance of 99.8% on a real-world data set classifying COVID-19 Chest X-ray images without sacrificing the explanatory power of the model. This proposed design can efficiently screen COVID-19 patients before human diagnosis, and will be the benchmark for addressing future XAI problems in large-scale data sets.      
### 73.Domain Generalization on Medical Imaging Classification using Episodic Training with Task Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06908.pdf)
>  Medical imaging datasets usually exhibit domain shift due to the variations of scanner vendors, imaging protocols, etc. This raises the concern about the generalization capacity of machine learning models. Domain generalization (DG), which aims to learn a model from multiple source domains such that it can be directly generalized to unseen test domains, seems particularly promising to medical imaging community. To address DG, recent model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) has been introduced, which transfers the knowledge from previous training tasks to facilitate the learning of novel testing tasks. However, in clinical practice, there are usually only a few annotated source domains available, which decreases the capacity of training task generation and thus increases the risk of overfitting to training tasks in the paradigm. In this paper, we propose a novel DG scheme of episodic training with task augmentation on medical imaging classification. Based on meta-learning, we develop the paradigm of episodic training to construct the knowledge transfer from episodic training-task simulation to the real testing task of DG. Motivated by the limited number of source domains in real-world medical deployment, we consider the unique task-level overfitting and we propose task augmentation to enhance the variety during training task generation to alleviate it. With the established learning framework, we further exploit a novel meta-objective to regularize the deep embedding of training domains. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed method, we perform experiments on histopathological images and abdominal CT images.      
### 74.Hyperspectral and Multispectral Classification for Coastal Wetland Using Depthwise Feature Interaction Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06896.pdf)
>  The monitoring of coastal wetlands is of great importance to the protection of marine and terrestrial ecosystems. However, due to the complex environment, severe vegetation mixture, and difficulty of access, it is impossible to accurately classify coastal wetlands and identify their species with traditional classifiers. Despite the integration of multisource remote sensing data for performance enhancement, there are still challenges with acquiring and exploiting the complementary merits from multisource data. In this paper, the Deepwise Feature Interaction Network (DFINet) is proposed for wetland classification. A depthwise cross attention module is designed to extract self-correlation and cross-correlation from multisource feature pairs. In this way, meaningful complementary information is emphasized for classification. DFINet is optimized by coordinating consistency loss, discrimination loss, and classification loss. Accordingly, DFINet reaches the standard solution-space under the regularity of loss functions, while the spatial consistency and feature discrimination are preserved. Comprehensive experimental results on two hyperspectral and multispectral wetland datasets demonstrate that the proposed DFINet outperforms other competitive methods in terms of overall accuracy.      
### 75.The Spatio-Temporal Poisson Point Process: A Simple Model for the Alignment of Event Camera Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06887.pdf)
>  Event cameras, inspired by biological vision systems, provide a natural and data efficient representation of visual information. Visual information is acquired in the form of events that are triggered by local brightness changes. Each pixel location of the camera's sensor records events asynchronously and independently with very high temporal resolution. However, because most brightness changes are triggered by relative motion of the camera and the scene, the events recorded at a single sensor location seldom correspond to the same world point. To extract meaningful information from event cameras, it is helpful to register events that were triggered by the same underlying world point. In this work we propose a new model of event data that captures its natural spatio-temporal structure. We start by developing a model for aligned event data. That is, we develop a model for the data as though it has been perfectly registered already. In particular, we model the aligned data as a spatio-temporal Poisson point process. Based on this model, we develop a maximum likelihood approach to registering events that are not yet aligned. That is, we find transformations of the observed events that make them as likely as possible under our model. In particular we extract the camera rotation that leads to the best event alignment. We show new state of the art accuracy for rotational velocity estimation on the DAVIS 240C dataset. In addition, our method is also faster and has lower computational complexity than several competing methods.      
### 76.Sparse PointPillars: Exploiting Sparsity in Birds-Eye-View Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06882.pdf)
>  Bird's Eye View (BEV) is a popular representation for processing 3D point clouds, and by its nature is fundamentally sparse. Motivated by the computational limitations of mobile robot platforms, we take a fast high-performance BEV 3D object detector - PointPillars - and modify its backbone to exploit this sparsity, leading to decreased runtimes. We present preliminary results demonstrating decreased runtimes with either the same performance or a modest decrease in performance, which we anticipate will be remedied by model specific hyperparameter tuning. Our work is a first step towards a new class of 3D object detectors that exploit sparsity throughout their entire pipeline in order to reduce runtime and resource usage while maintaining good detection performance.      
### 77.A Multi-Implicit Neural Representation for Fonts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06866.pdf)
>  Fonts are ubiquitous across documents and come in a variety of styles. They are either represented in a native vector format or rasterized to produce fixed resolution images. In the first case, the non-standard representation prevents benefiting from latest network architectures for neural representations; while, in the latter case, the rasterized representation, when encoded via networks, results in loss of data fidelity, as font-specific discontinuities like edges and corners are difficult to represent using neural networks. Based on the observation that complex fonts can be represented by a superposition of a set of simpler occupancy functions, we introduce \textit{multi-implicits} to represent fonts as a permutation-invariant set of learned implict functions, without losing features (e.g., edges and corners). However, while multi-implicits locally preserve font features, obtaining supervision in the form of ground truth multi-channel signals is a problem in itself. Instead, we propose how to train such a representation with only local supervision, while the proposed neural architecture directly finds globally consistent multi-implicits for font families. We extensively evaluate the proposed representation for various tasks including reconstruction, interpolation, and synthesis to demonstrate clear advantages with existing alternatives. Additionally, the representation naturally enables glyph completion, wherein a single characteristic font is used to synthesize a whole font family in the target style.      
### 78.DyGLIP: A Dynamic Graph Model with Link Prediction for Accurate Multi-Camera Multiple Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06856.pdf)
>  Multi-Camera Multiple Object Tracking (MC-MOT) is a significant computer vision problem due to its emerging applicability in several real-world applications. Despite a large number of existing works, solving the data association problem in any MC-MOT pipeline is arguably one of the most challenging tasks. Developing a robust MC-MOT system, however, is still highly challenging due to many practical issues such as inconsistent lighting conditions, varying object movement patterns, or the trajectory occlusions of the objects between the cameras. To address these problems, this work, therefore, proposes a new Dynamic Graph Model with Link Prediction (DyGLIP) approach to solve the data association task. Compared to existing methods, our new model offers several advantages, including better feature representations and the ability to recover from lost tracks during camera transitions. Moreover, our model works gracefully regardless of the overlapping ratios between the cameras. Experimental results show that we outperform existing MC-MOT algorithms by a large margin on several practical datasets. Notably, our model works favorably on online settings but can be extended to an incremental approach for large-scale datasets.      
### 79.Video Super-Resolution Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06847.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR), with the aim to restore a high-resolution video from its corresponding low-resolution version, is a spatial-temporal sequence prediction problem. Recently, Transformer has been gaining popularity due to its parallel computing ability for sequence-to-sequence modeling. Thus, it seems to be straightforward to apply the vision Transformer to solve VSR. However, the typical block design of Transformer with a fully connected self-attention layer and a token-wise feed-forward layer does not fit well for VSR due to the following two reasons. First, the fully connected self-attention layer neglects to exploit the data locality because this layer relies on linear layers to compute attention maps. Second, the token-wise feed-forward layer lacks the feature alignment which is important for VSR since this layer independently processes each of the input token embeddings without any interaction among them. In this paper, we make the first attempt to adapt Transformer for VSR. Specifically, to tackle the first issue, we present a spatial-temporal convolutional self-attention layer with a theoretical understanding to exploit the locality information. For the second issue, we design a bidirectional optical flow-based feed-forward layer to discover the correlations across different video frames and also align features. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/caojiezhang/VSR-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 80.Evaluating Foveated Video Quality Using Entropic Differencing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06817.pdf)
>  Virtual Reality is regaining attention due to recent advancements in hardware technology. Immersive images / videos are becoming widely adopted to carry omnidirectional visual information. However, due to the requirements for higher spatial and temporal resolution of real video data, immersive videos require significantly larger bandwidth consumption. To reduce stresses on bandwidth, foveated video compression is regaining popularity, whereby the space-variant spatial resolution of the retina is exploited. Towards advancing the progress of foveated video compression, we propose a full reference (FR) foveated image quality assessment algorithm, which we call foveated entropic differencing (FED), which employs the natural scene statistics of bandpass responses by applying differences of local entropies weighted by a foveation-based error sensitivity function. We evaluate the proposed algorithm by measuring the correlations of the predictions that FED makes against human judgements on the newly created 2D and 3D LIVE-FBT-FCVR databases for Virtual Reality (VR). The performance of the proposed algorithm yields state-of-the-art as compared with other existing full reference algorithms. Software for FED has been made available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://live.ece.utexas.edu/research/Quality/FED.zip" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 81.Contrastive Semi-Supervised Learning for 2D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06801.pdf)
>  Contrastive Learning (CL) is a recent representation learning approach, which achieves promising results by encouraging inter-class separability and intra-class compactness in learned image representations. Because medical images often contain multiple classes of interest per image, a standard image-level CL for these images is not applicable. In this work, we present a novel semi-supervised 2D medical segmentation solution that applies CL on image patches, instead of full images. These patches are meaningfully constructed using the semantic information of different classes obtained via pseudo labeling. We also propose a novel consistency regularization scheme, which works in synergy with contrastive learning. It addresses the problem of confirmation bias often observed in semi-supervised settings, and encourages better clustering in the feature space. We evaluate our method on four public medical segmentation datasets along with a novel histopathology dataset that we introduce. Our method obtains consistent improvements over the state-of-the-art semi-supervised segmentation approaches for all datasets.      
### 82.A One-Shot Texture-Perceiving Generative Adversarial Network for Unsupervised Surface Inspection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06792.pdf)
>  Visual surface inspection is a challenging task owing to the highly diverse appearance of target surfaces and defective regions. Previous attempts heavily rely on vast quantities of training examples with manual annotation. However, in some practical cases, it is difficult to obtain a large number of samples for inspection. To combat it, we propose a hierarchical texture-perceiving generative adversarial network (HTP-GAN) that is learned from the one-shot normal image in an unsupervised scheme. Specifically, the HTP-GAN contains a pyramid of convolutional GANs that can capture the global structure and fine-grained representation of an image simultaneously. This innovation helps distinguishing defective surface regions from normal ones. In addition, in the discriminator, a texture-perceiving module is devised to capture the spatially invariant representation of normal image via directional convolutions, making it more sensitive to defective areas. Experiments on a variety of datasets consistently demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 83.Dynamic Clone Transformer for Efficient Convolutional Neural Netwoks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06778.pdf)
>  Convolutional networks (ConvNets) have shown impressive capability to solve various vision tasks. Nevertheless, the trade-off between performance and efficiency is still a challenge for a feasible model deployment on resource-constrained platforms. In this paper, we introduce a novel concept termed multi-path fully connected pattern (MPFC) to rethink the interdependencies of topology pattern, accuracy and efficiency for ConvNets. Inspired by MPFC, we further propose a dual-branch module named dynamic clone transformer (DCT) where one branch generates multiple replicas from inputs and another branch reforms those clones through a series of difference vectors conditional on inputs itself to produce more variants. This operation allows the self-expansion of channel-wise information in a data-driven way with little computational cost while providing sufficient learning capacity, which is a potential unit to replace computationally expensive pointwise convolution as an expansion layer in the bottleneck structure.      
### 84.DeepMMSA: A Novel Multimodal Deep Learning Method for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Survival Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06744.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. The critical reason for the deaths is delayed diagnosis and poor prognosis. With the accelerated development of deep learning techniques, it has been successfully applied extensively in many real-world applications, including health sectors such as medical image interpretation and disease diagnosis. By combining more modalities that being engaged in the processing of information, multimodal learning can extract better features and improve predictive ability. The conventional methods for lung cancer survival analysis normally utilize clinical data and only provide a statistical probability. To improve the survival prediction accuracy and help prognostic decision-making in clinical practice for medical experts, we for the first time propose a multimodal deep learning method for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) survival analysis, named DeepMMSA. This method leverages CT images in combination with clinical data, enabling the abundant information hold within medical images to be associate with lung cancer survival information. We validate our method on the data of 422 NSCLC patients from The Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA). Experimental results support our hypothesis that there is an underlying relationship between prognostic information and radiomic images. Besides, quantitative results showing that the established multimodal model can be applied to traditional method and has the potential to break bottleneck of existing methods and increase the the percentage of concordant pairs(right predicted pairs) in overall population by 4%.      
### 85.Task Transformer Network for Joint MRI Reconstruction and Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06742.pdf)
>  The core problem of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is the trade off between acceleration and image quality. Image reconstruction and super-resolution are two crucial techniques in Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Current methods are designed to perform these tasks separately, ignoring the correlations between them. In this work, we propose an end-to-end task transformer network (T$^2$Net) for joint MRI reconstruction and super-resolution, which allows representations and feature transmission to be shared between multiple task to achieve higher-quality, super-resolved and motion-artifacts-free images from highly undersampled and degenerated MRI data. Our framework combines both reconstruction and super-resolution, divided into two sub-branches, whose features are expressed as queries and keys. Specifically, we encourage joint feature learning between the two tasks, thereby transferring accurate task information. We first use two separate CNN branches to extract task-specific features. Then, a task transformer module is designed to embed and synthesize the relevance between the two tasks. Experimental results show that our multi-task model significantly outperforms advanced sequential methods, both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 86.Multi-level Attention Fusion Network for Audio-visual Event Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06736.pdf)
>  Event classification is inherently sequential and multimodal. Therefore, deep neural models need to dynamically focus on the most relevant time window and/or modality of a video. In this study, we propose the Multi-level Attention Fusion network (MAFnet), an architecture that can dynamically fuse visual and audio information for event recognition. Inspired by prior studies in neuroscience, we couple both modalities at different levels of visual and audio paths. Furthermore, the network dynamically highlights a modality at a given time window relevant to classify events. Experimental results in AVE (Audio-Visual Event), UCF51, and Kinetics-Sounds datasets show that the approach can effectively improve the accuracy in audio-visual event classification. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/numediart/MAFnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 87.LE-NAS: Learning-based Ensenble with NAS for Dose Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06733.pdf)
>  Radiation therapy treatment planning is a complex process, as the target dose prescription and normal tissue sparing are conflicting objectives. Automated and accurate dose prediction for radiation therapy planning is in high demand. In this study, we propose a novel learning-based ensemble approach, named LE-NAS, which integrates neural architecture search (NAS) with knowledge distillation for 3D radiotherapy dose prediction. Specifically, the prediction network first exhaustively searches each block from enormous architecture space. Then, multiple architectures are selected with promising performance and diversity. To reduce the inference time, we adopt the teacher-student paradigm by treating the combination of diverse outputs from multiple searched networks as supervisions to guide the student network training. In addition, we apply adversarial learning to optimize the student network to recover the knowledge in teacher networks. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to investigate the combination of NAS and knowledge distillation. The proposed method has been evaluated on the public OpenKBP dataset, and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and its superior performance to the state-of-the-art method.      
### 88.Go Small and Similar: A Simple Output Decay Brings Better Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06726.pdf)
>  Regularization and data augmentation methods have been widely used and become increasingly indispensable in deep learning training. Researchers who devote themselves to this have considered various possibilities. But so far, there has been little discussion about regularizing outputs of the model. This paper begins with empirical observations that better performances are significantly associated with output distributions, that have smaller average values and variances. By audaciously assuming there is causality involved, we propose a novel regularization term, called Output Decay, that enforces the model to assign smaller and similar output values on each class. Though being counter-intuitive, such a small modification result in a remarkable improvement on performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate the wide applicability, versatility, and compatibility of Output Decay.      
### 89.DS-TransUNet:Dual Swin Transformer U-Net for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06716.pdf)
>  Automatic medical image segmentation has made great progress benefit from the development of deep learning. However, most existing methods are based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which fail to build long-range dependencies and global context connections due to the limitation of receptive field in convolution operation. Inspired by the success of Transformer in modeling the long-range contextual information, some researchers have expended considerable efforts in designing the robust variants of Transformer-based U-Net. Moreover, the patch division used in vision transformers usually ignores the pixel-level intrinsic structural features inside each patch. To alleviate these problems, we propose a novel deep medical image segmentation framework called Dual Swin Transformer U-Net (DS-TransUNet), which might be the first attempt to concurrently incorporate the advantages of hierarchical Swin Transformer into both encoder and decoder of the standard U-shaped architecture to enhance the semantic segmentation quality of varying medical images. Unlike many prior Transformer-based solutions, the proposed DS-TransUNet first adopts dual-scale encoder subnetworks based on Swin Transformer to extract the coarse and fine-grained feature representations of different semantic scales. As the core component for our DS-TransUNet, a well-designed Transformer Interactive Fusion (TIF) module is proposed to effectively establish global dependencies between features of different scales through the self-attention mechanism. Furthermore, we also introduce the Swin Transformer block into decoder to further explore the long-range contextual information during the up-sampling process. Extensive experiments across four typical tasks for medical image segmentation demonstrate the effectiveness of DS-TransUNet, and show that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 90.Unsupervised Place Recognition with Deep Embedding Learning over Radar Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06703.pdf)
>  We learn, in an unsupervised way, an embedding from sequences of radar images that is suitable for solving place recognition problem using complex radar data. We experiment on 280 km of data and show performance exceeding state-of-the-art supervised approaches, localising correctly 98.38% of the time when using just the nearest database candidate.      
### 91.Reverse-engineer the Distributional Structure of Infant Egocentric Views for Training Generalizable Image Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06694.pdf)
>  We analyze egocentric views of attended objects from infants. This paper shows 1) empirical evidence that children's egocentric views have more diverse distributions compared to adults' views, 2) we can computationally simulate the infants' distribution, and 3) the distribution is beneficial for training more generalized image classifiers not only for infant egocentric vision but for third-person computer vision.      
### 92.Multistream ValidNet: Improving 6D Object Pose Estimation by Automatic Multistream Validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06684.pdf)
>  This work presents a novel approach to improve the results of pose estimation by detecting and distinguishing between the occurrence of True and False Positive results. It achieves this by training a binary classifier on the output of an arbitrary pose estimation algorithm, and returns a binary label indicating the validity of the result. We demonstrate that our approach improves upon a state-of-the-art pose estimation result on the Silane dataset, outperforming a variation of the alternative CullNet method by 4.15% in average class accuracy and 0.73% in overall accuracy at validation. Applying our method can also improve the pose estimation average precision results of Op-Net by 6.06% on average.      
### 93.Structure-Regularized Attention for Deformable Object Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06672.pdf)
>  Capturing contextual dependencies has proven useful to improve the representational power of deep neural networks. Recent approaches that focus on modeling global context, such as self-attention and non-local operation, achieve this goal by enabling unconstrained pairwise interactions between elements. In this work, we consider learning representations for deformable objects which can benefit from context exploitation by modeling the structural dependencies that the data intrinsically possesses. To this end, we provide a novel structure-regularized attention mechanism, which formalizes feature interaction as structural factorization through the use of a pair of light-weight operations. The instantiated building blocks can be directly incorporated into modern convolutional neural networks, to boost the representational power in an efficient manner. Comprehensive studies on multiple tasks and empirical comparisons with modern attention mechanisms demonstrate the gains brought by our method in terms of both performance and model complexity. We further investigate its effect on feature representations, showing that our trained models can capture diversified representations characterizing object parts without resorting to extra supervision.      
### 94.Disrupting Model Training with Adversarial Shortcuts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06654.pdf)
>  When data is publicly released for human consumption, it is unclear how to prevent its unauthorized usage for machine learning purposes. Successful model training may be preventable with carefully designed dataset modifications, and we present a proof-of-concept approach for the image classification setting. We propose methods based on the notion of adversarial shortcuts, which encourage models to rely on non-robust signals rather than semantic features, and our experiments demonstrate that these measures successfully prevent deep learning models from achieving high accuracy on real, unmodified data examples.      
### 95.Large-Scale Unsupervised Object Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06650.pdf)
>  Existing approaches to unsupervised object discovery (UOD) do not scale up to large datasets without approximations which compromise their performance. We propose a novel formulation of UOD as a ranking problem, amenable to the arsenal of distributed methods available for eigenvalue problems and link analysis. Extensive experiments with COCO and OpenImages demonstrate that, in the single-object discovery setting where a single prominent object is sought in each image, the proposed LOD (Large-scale Object Discovery) approach is on par with, or better than the state of the art for medium-scale datasets (up to 120K images), and over 37% better than the only other algorithms capable of scaling up to 1.7M images. In the multi-object discovery setting where multiple objects are sought in each image, the proposed LOD is over 14% better in average precision (AP) than all other methods for datasets ranging from 20K to 1.7M images.      
### 96.1st Place Solution for YouTubeVOS Challenge 2021:Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06649.pdf)
>  Video Instance Segmentation (VIS) is a multi-task problem performing detection, segmentation, and tracking simultaneously. Extended from image set applications, video data additionally induces the temporal information, which, if handled appropriately, is very useful to identify and predict object motions. In this work, we design a unified model to mutually learn these tasks. Specifically, we propose two modules, named Temporally Correlated Instance Segmentation (TCIS) and Bidirectional Tracking (BiTrack), to take the benefit of the temporal correlation between the object's instance masks across adjacent frames. On the other hand, video data is often redundant due to the frame's overlap. Our analysis shows that this problem is particularly severe for the YoutubeVOS-VIS2021 data. Therefore, we propose a Multi-Source Data (MSD) training mechanism to compensate for the data deficiency. By combining these techniques with a bag of tricks, the network performance is significantly boosted compared to the baseline, and outperforms other methods by a considerable margin on the YoutubeVOS-VIS 2019 and 2021 datasets.      
### 97.CAR-Net: Unsupervised Co-Attention Guided Registration Network for Joint Registration and Structure Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06637.pdf)
>  Image registration is a fundamental building block for various applications in medical image analysis. To better explore the correlation between the fixed and moving images and improve registration performance, we propose a novel deep learning network, Co-Attention guided Registration Network (CAR-Net). CAR-Net employs a co-attention block to learn a new representation of the inputs, which drives the registration of the fixed and moving images. Experiments on UK Biobank cardiac cine-magnetic resonance image data demonstrate that CAR-Net obtains higher registration accuracy and smoother deformation fields than state-of-the-art unsupervised registration methods, while achieving comparable or better registration performance than corresponding weakly-supervised variants. In addition, our approach can provide critical structural information of the input fixed and moving images simultaneously in a completely unsupervised manner.      
### 98.Mirror3D: Depth Refinement for Mirror Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06629.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress in depth sensing and 3D reconstruction, mirror surfaces are a significant source of errors. To address this problem, we create the Mirror3D dataset: a 3D mirror plane dataset based on three RGBD datasets (Matterport3D, NYUv2 and ScanNet) containing 7,011 mirror instance masks and 3D planes. We then develop Mirror3DNet: a module that refines raw sensor depth or estimated depth to correct errors on mirror surfaces. Our key idea is to estimate the 3D mirror plane based on RGB input and surrounding depth context, and use this estimate to directly regress mirror surface depth. Our experiments show that Mirror3DNet significantly mitigates errors from a variety of input depth data, including raw sensor depth and depth estimation or completion methods.      
### 99.Pay Attention with Focus: A Novel Learning Scheme for Classification of Whole Slide Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06623.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are difficult to directly utilize to analyze whole slide images (WSIs) due to the large image dimensions. We overcome this limitation by proposing a novel two-stage approach. First, we extract a set of representative patches (called mosaic) from a WSI. Each patch of a mosaic is encoded to a feature vector using a deep network. The feature extractor model is fine-tuned using hierarchical target labels of WSIs, i.e., anatomic site and primary diagnosis. In the second stage, a set of encoded patch-level features from a WSI is used to compute the primary diagnosis probability through the proposed Pay Attention with Focus scheme, an attention-weighted averaging of predicted probabilities for all patches of a mosaic modulated by a trainable focal factor. Experimental results show that the proposed model can be robust, and effective for the classification of WSIs.      
### 100.Toward Accurate and Realistic Outfits Visualization with Attention to Details  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06593.pdf)
>  Virtual try-on methods aim to generate images of fashion models wearing arbitrary combinations of garments. This is a challenging task because the generated image must appear realistic and accurately display the interaction between garments. Prior works produce images that are filled with artifacts and fail to capture important visual details necessary for commercial applications. We propose Outfit Visualization Net (OVNet) to capture these important details (e.g. buttons, shading, textures, realistic hemlines, and interactions between garments) and produce high quality multiple-garment virtual try-on images. OVNet consists of 1) a semantic layout generator and 2) an image generation pipeline using multiple coordinated warps. We train the warper to output multiple warps using a cascade loss, which refines each successive warp to focus on poorly generated regions of a previous warp and yields consistent improvements in detail. In addition, we introduce a method for matching outfits with the most suitable model and produce significant improvements for both our and other previous try-on methods. Through quantitative and qualitative analysis, we demonstrate our method generates substantially higher-quality studio images compared to prior works for multi-garment outfits. An interactive interface powered by this method has been deployed on fashion e-commerce websites and received overwhelmingly positive feedback.      
### 101.Diseo y desarrollo de aplicacin mvil para la clasificacin de flora nativa chilena utilizando redes neuronales convolucionales  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06592.pdf)
>  Introduction: Mobile apps, through artificial vision, are capable of recognizing vegetable species in real time. However, the existing species recognition apps do not take in consideration the wide variety of endemic and native (Chilean) species, which leads to wrong species predictions. This study introduces the development of a chilean species dataset and an optimized classification model implemented to a mobile app. Method: the data set was built by putting together pictures of several species captured on the field and by selecting some pictures available from other datasets available online. Convolutional neural networks were used in order to develop the images prediction models. The networks were trained by performing a sensitivity analysis, validating with k-fold cross validation and performing tests with different hyper-parameters, optimizers, convolutional layers, and learning rates in order to identify and choose the best models and then put them together in one classification model. Results: The final data set was compounded by 46 species, including native species, endemic and exotic from Chile, with 6120 training pictures and 655 testing pictures. The best models were implemented on a mobile app, obtaining a 95% correct prediction rate with respect to the set of tests. Conclusion: The app developed in this study is capable of classifying species with a high level of accuracy, depending on the state of the art of the artificial vision and it can also show relevant information related to the classified species.      
### 102.Deception Detection and Remote Physiological Monitoring: A Dataset and Baseline Experimental Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06583.pdf)
>  We present the Deception Detection and Physiological Monitoring (DDPM) dataset and initial baseline results on this dataset. Our application context is an interview scenario in which the interviewee attempts to deceive the interviewer on selected responses. The interviewee is recorded in RGB, near-infrared, and long-wave infrared, along with cardiac pulse, blood oxygenation, and audio. After collection, data were annotated for interviewer/interviewee, curated, ground-truthed, and organized into train / test parts for a set of canonical deception detection experiments. Baseline experiments found random accuracy for micro-expressions as an indicator of deception, but that saccades can give a statistically significant response. We also estimated subject heart rates from face videos (remotely) with a mean absolute error as low as 3.16 bpm. The database contains almost 13 hours of recordings of 70 subjects, and over 8 million visible-light, near-infrared, and thermal video frames, along with appropriate meta, audio and pulse oximeter data. To our knowledge, this is the only collection offering recordings of five modalities in an interview scenario that can be used in both deception detection and remote photoplethysmography research.      
### 103.GANs N' Roses: Stable, Controllable, Diverse Image to Image Translation (works for videos too!)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06561.pdf)
>  We show how to learn a map that takes a content code, derived from a face image, and a randomly chosen style code to an anime image. We derive an adversarial loss from our simple and effective definitions of style and content. This adversarial loss guarantees the map is diverse -- a very wide range of anime can be produced from a single content code. Under plausible assumptions, the map is not just diverse, but also correctly represents the probability of an anime, conditioned on an input face. In contrast, current multimodal generation procedures cannot capture the complex styles that appear in anime. Extensive quantitative experiments support the idea the map is correct. Extensive qualitative results show that the method can generate a much more diverse range of styles than SOTA comparisons. Finally, we show that our formalization of content and style allows us to perform video to video translation without ever training on videos.      
### 104.HR-NAS: Searching Efficient High-Resolution Neural Architectures with Lightweight Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06560.pdf)
>  High-resolution representations (HR) are essential for dense prediction tasks such as segmentation, detection, and pose estimation. Learning HR representations is typically ignored in previous Neural Architecture Search (NAS) methods that focus on image classification. This work proposes a novel NAS method, called HR-NAS, which is able to find efficient and accurate networks for different tasks, by effectively encoding multiscale contextual information while maintaining high-resolution representations. In HR-NAS, we renovate the NAS search space as well as its searching strategy. To better encode multiscale image contexts in the search space of HR-NAS, we first carefully design a lightweight transformer, whose computational complexity can be dynamically changed with respect to different objective functions and computation budgets. To maintain high-resolution representations of the learned networks, HR-NAS adopts a multi-branch architecture that provides convolutional encoding of multiple feature resolutions, inspired by HRNet. Last, we proposed an efficient fine-grained search strategy to train HR-NAS, which effectively explores the search space, and finds optimal architectures given various tasks and computation resources. HR-NAS is capable of achieving state-of-the-art trade-offs between performance and FLOPs for three dense prediction tasks and an image classification task, given only small computational budgets. For example, HR-NAS surpasses SqueezeNAS that is specially designed for semantic segmentation while improving efficiency by 45.9%. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dingmyu/HR-NAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 105.Unsupervised Learning of Visual 3D Keypoints for Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07643.pdf)
>  Learning sensorimotor control policies from high-dimensional images crucially relies on the quality of the underlying visual representations. Prior works show that structured latent space such as visual keypoints often outperforms unstructured representations for robotic control. However, most of these representations, whether structured or unstructured are learned in a 2D space even though the control tasks are usually performed in a 3D environment. In this work, we propose a framework to learn such a 3D geometric structure directly from images in an end-to-end unsupervised manner. The input images are embedded into latent 3D keypoints via a differentiable encoder which is trained to optimize both a multi-view consistency loss and downstream task objective. These discovered 3D keypoints tend to meaningfully capture robot joints as well as object movements in a consistent manner across both time and 3D space. The proposed approach outperforms prior state-of-art methods across a variety of reinforcement learning benchmarks. Code and videos at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://buoyancy99.github.io/unsup-3d-keypoints/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 106.Recursive Refinement Network for Deformable Lung Registration between Exhale and Inhale CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07608.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning-based medical image registration approaches have witnessed rapid development in recent years. We propose to revisit a commonly ignored while simple and well-established principle: recursive refinement of deformation vector fields across scales. We introduce a recursive refinement network (RRN) for unsupervised medical image registration, to extract multi-scale features, construct normalized local cost correlation volume and recursively refine volumetric deformation vector fields. RRN achieves state of the art performance for 3D registration of expiratory-inspiratory pairs of CT lung scans. On DirLab COPDGene dataset, RRN returns an average Target Registration Error (TRE) of 0.83 mm, which corresponds to a 13% error reduction from the best result presented in the leaderboard. In addition to comparison with conventional methods, RRN leads to 89% error reduction compared to deep-learning-based peer approaches.      
### 107.Non Gaussian Denoising Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07582.pdf)
>  Generative diffusion processes are an emerging and effective tool for image and speech generation. In the existing methods, the underline noise distribution of the diffusion process is Gaussian noise. However, fitting distributions with more degrees of freedom, could help the performance of such generative models. In this work, we investigate other types of noise distribution for the diffusion process. Specifically, we show that noise from Gamma distribution provides improved results for image and speech generation. Moreover, we show that using a mixture of Gaussian noise variables in the diffusion process improves the performance over a diffusion process that is based on a single distribution. Our approach preserves the ability to efficiently sample state in the training diffusion process while using Gamma noise and a mixture of noise.      
### 108.Full interpretable machine learning in 2D with inline coordinates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07568.pdf)
>  This paper proposed a new methodology for machine learning in 2-dimensional space (2-D ML) in inline coordinates. It is a full machine learning approach that does not require to deal with n-dimensional data in n-dimensional space. It allows discovering n-D patterns in 2-D space without loss of n-D information using graph representations of n-D data in 2-D. Specifically, it can be done with the inline based coordinates in different modifications, including static and dynamic ones. The classification and regression algorithms based on these inline coordinates were introduced. A successful case study based on a benchmark data demonstrated the feasibility of the approach. This approach helps to consolidate further a whole new area of full 2-D machine learning as a promising ML methodology. It has advantages of abilities to involve actively the end-users into the discovering of models and their justification. Another advantage is providing interpretable ML models.      
### 109.MIA-COV19D: COVID-19 Detection through 3-D Chest CT Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07524.pdf)
>  Early and reliable COVID-19 diagnosis based on chest 3-D CT scans can assist medical specialists in vital circumstances. Deep learning methodologies constitute a main approach for chest CT scan analysis and disease prediction. However, large annotated databases are necessary for developing deep learning models that are able to provide COVID-19 diagnosis across various medical environments in different countries. Due to privacy issues, publicly available COVID-19 CT datasets are highly difficult to obtain, which hinders the research and development of AI-enabled diagnosis methods of COVID-19 based on CT scans. In this paper we present the COV19-CT-DB database which is annotated for COVID-19, consisting of about 5,000 3-D CT scans, We have split the database in training, validation and test datasets. The former two datasets can be used for training and validation of machine learning models, while the latter will be used for evaluation of the developed models. We also present a deep learning approach, based on a CNN-RNN network and report its performance on the COVID19-CT-DB database.      
### 110.A Novel mapping for visual to auditory sensory substitution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07448.pdf)
>  visual information can be converted into audio stream via sensory substitution devices in order to give visually impaired people the chance of perception of their surrounding easily and simultaneous to performing everyday tasks. In this study, visual environmental features namely, coordinate, type of objects and their size are assigned to audio features related to music tones such as frequency, time duration and note permutations. Results demonstrated that this new method has more training time efficiency in comparison with our previous method named VBTones which sinusoidal tones were applied. Moreover, results in blind object recognition for real objects was achieved 88.05 on average.      
### 111.PopSkipJump: Decision-Based Attack for Probabilistic Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07445.pdf)
>  Most current classifiers are vulnerable to adversarial examples, small input perturbations that change the classification output. Many existing attack algorithms cover various settings, from white-box to black-box classifiers, but typically assume that the answers are deterministic and often fail when they are not. We therefore propose a new adversarial decision-based attack specifically designed for classifiers with probabilistic outputs. It is based on the HopSkipJump attack by Chen et al. (2019, <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1904.02144v5" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02144v5">arXiv:1904.02144v5</a> ), a strong and query efficient decision-based attack originally designed for deterministic classifiers. Our P(robabilisticH)opSkipJump attack adapts its amount of queries to maintain HopSkipJump's original output quality across various noise levels, while converging to its query efficiency as the noise level decreases. We test our attack on various noise models, including state-of-the-art off-the-shelf randomized defenses, and show that they offer almost no extra robustness to decision-based attacks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cjsg/PopSkipJump" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 112.Recurrent Inference Machines as inverse problem solvers for MR relaxometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07379.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the use of Recurrent Inference Machines (RIMs) to perform T1 and T2 mapping. The RIM is a neural network framework that learns an iterative inference process based on the signal model, similar to conventional statistical methods for quantitative MRI (QMRI), such as the Maximum Likelihood Estimator (MLE). This framework combines the advantages of both data-driven and model-based methods, and, we hypothesize, is a promising tool for QMRI. Previously, RIMs were used to solve linear inverse reconstruction problems. Here, we show that they can also be used to optimize non-linear problems and estimate relaxometry maps with high precision and accuracy. The developed RIM framework is evaluated in terms of accuracy and precision and compared to an MLE method and an implementation of the ResNet. The results show that the RIM improves the quality of estimates compared to the other techniques in Monte Carlo experiments with simulated data, test-retest analysis of a system phantom, and in-vivo scans. Additionally, inference with the RIM is 150 times faster than the MLE, and robustness to (slight) variations of scanning parameters is demonstrated. Hence, the RIM is a promising and flexible method for QMRI. Coupled with an open-source training data generation tool, it presents a compelling alternative to previous methods.      
### 113.MexPub: Deep Transfer Learning for Metadata Extraction from German Publications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07359.pdf)
>  Extracting metadata from scientific papers can be considered a solved problem in NLP due to the high accuracy of state-of-the-art methods. However, this does not apply to German scientific publications, which have a variety of styles and layouts. In contrast to most of the English scientific publications that follow standard and simple layouts, the order, content, position and size of metadata in German publications vary greatly among publications. This variety makes traditional NLP methods fail to accurately extract metadata from these publications. In this paper, we present a method that extracts metadata from PDF documents with different layouts and styles by viewing the document as an image. We used Mask R-CNN that is trained on COCO dataset and finetuned with PubLayNet dataset that consists of ~200K PDF snapshots with five basic classes (e.g. text, figure, etc). We refine-tuned the model on our proposed synthetic dataset consisting of ~30K article snapshots to extract nine patterns (i.e. author, title, etc). Our synthetic dataset is generated using contents in both languages German and English and a finite set of challenging templates obtained from German publications. Our method achieved an average accuracy of around $90\%$ which validates its capability to accurately extract metadata from a variety of PDF documents with challenging templates.      
### 114.Latent Correlation-Based Multiview Learning and Self-Supervision: A Unifying Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.07115.pdf)
>  Multiple views of data, both naturally acquired (e.g., image and audio) and artificially produced (e.g., via adding different noise to data samples), have proven useful in enhancing representation learning. Natural views are often handled by multiview analysis tools, e.g., (deep) canonical correlation analysis [(D)CCA], while the artificial ones are frequently used in self-supervised learning (SSL) paradigms, e.g., \texttt{SimCLR} and \texttt{Barlow Twins}. Both types of approaches often involve learning neural feature extractors such that the embeddings of data exhibit high cross-view correlations. Although intuitive, the effectiveness of correlation-based neural embedding is only empirically validated. This work puts forth a theory-backed framework for unsupervised multiview learning. Our development starts with proposing a multiview model, where each view is a nonlinear mixture of shared and private components. Consequently, the learning problem boils down to shared/private component identification and disentanglement. Under this model, latent correlation maximization is shown to guarantee the extraction of the shared components across views (up to certain ambiguities). In addition, the private information in each view can be provably disentangled from the shared using proper regularization design. The method is tested on a series of tasks, e.g., downstream clustering, which all show promising performance. Our development also provides a unifying perspective for understanding various DCCA and SSL schemes.      
### 115.Learning the Imaging Landmarks: Unsupervised Key point Detection in Lung Ultrasound Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06987.pdf)
>  Lung ultrasound (LUS) is an increasingly popular diagnostic imaging modality for continuous and periodic monitoring of lung infection, given its advantages of non-invasiveness, non-ionizing nature, portability and easy disinfection. The major landmarks assessed by clinicians for triaging using LUS are pleura, A and B lines. There have been many efforts for the automatic detection of these landmarks. However, restricting to a few pre-defined landmarks may not reveal the actual imaging biomarkers particularly in case of new pathologies like COVID-19. Rather, the identification of key landmarks should be driven by data given the availability of a plethora of neural network algorithms. This work is a first of its kind attempt towards unsupervised detection of the key LUS landmarks in LUS videos of COVID-19 subjects during various stages of infection. We adapted the relatively newer approach of transporter neural networks to automatically mark and track pleura, A and B lines based on their periodic motion and relatively stable appearance in the videos. Initial results on unsupervised pleura detection show an accuracy of 91.8% employing 1081 LUS video frames.      
### 116.An Approach Towards Physics Informed Lung Ultrasound Image Scoring Neural Network for Diagnostic Assistance in COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06980.pdf)
>  Ultrasound is fast becoming an inevitable diagnostic tool for regular and continuous monitoring of the lung with the recent outbreak of COVID-19. In this work, a novel approach is presented to extract acoustic propagation-based features to automatically highlight the region below pleura, which is an important landmark in lung ultrasound (LUS). Subsequently, a multichannel input formed by using the acoustic physics-based feature maps is fused to train a neural network, referred to as LUSNet, to classify the LUS images into five classes of varying severity of lung infection to track the progression of COVID-19. In order to ensure that the proposed approach is agnostic to the type of acquisition, the LUSNet, which consists of a U-net architecture is trained in an unsupervised manner with the acoustic feature maps to ensure that the encoder-decoder architecture is learning features in the pleural region of interest. A novel combination of the U-net output and the U-net encoder output is employed for the classification of severity of infection in the lung. A detailed analysis of the proposed approach on LUS images over the infection to full recovery period of ten confirmed COVID-19 subjects shows an average five-fold cross-validation accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of 97%, 93%, and 98% respectively over 5000 frames of COVID-19 videos. The analysis also shows that, when the input dataset is limited and diverse as in the case of COVID-19 pandemic, an aided effort of combining acoustic propagation-based features along with the gray scale images, as proposed in this work, improves the performance of the neural network significantly and also aids the labelling and triaging process.      
### 117.Boosting Randomized Smoothing with Variance Reduced Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06946.pdf)
>  Randomized Smoothing (RS) is a promising method for obtaining robustness certificates by evaluating a base model under noise. In this work we: (i) theoretically motivate why ensembles are a particularly suitable choice as base models for RS, and (ii) empirically confirm this choice, obtaining state of the art results in multiple settings. The key insight of our work is that the reduced variance of ensembles over the perturbations introduced in RS leads to significantly more consistent classifications for a given input, in turn leading to substantially increased certifiable radii for difficult samples. We also introduce key optimizations which enable an up to 50-fold decrease in sample complexity of RS, thus drastically reducing its computational overhead. Experimentally, we show that ensembles of only 3 to 10 classifiers consistently improve on the strongest single model with respect to their average certified radius (ACR) by 5% to 21% on both CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. On the latter, we achieve a state-of-the-art ACR of 1.11. We release all code and models required to reproduce our results upon publication.      
### 118.Adaptive Dynamic Pruning for Non-IID Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06921.pdf)
>  Federated Learning~(FL) has emerged as a new paradigm of training machine learning models without sacrificing data security and privacy. Learning models at edge devices such as cell phones is one of the most common use case of FL. However, the limited computing power and energy constraints of edge devices hinder the adoption of FL for both model training and deployment, especially for the resource-hungry Deep Neural Networks~(DNNs). To this end, many model compression methods have been proposed and network pruning is among the most well-known. However, a pruning policy for a given model is highly dataset-dependent, which is not suitable for non-Independent and Identically Distributed~(Non-IID) FL edge devices. In this paper, we present an adaptive pruning scheme for edge devices in an FL system, which applies dataset-aware dynamic pruning for inference acceleration on Non-IID datasets. Our evaluation shows that the proposed method accelerates inference by $2\times$~($50\%$ FLOPs reduction) while maintaining the model's quality on edge devices.      
### 119.D2C: Diffusion-Denoising Models for Few-shot Conditional Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06819.pdf)
>  Conditional generative models of high-dimensional images have many applications, but supervision signals from conditions to images can be expensive to acquire. This paper describes Diffusion-Decoding models with Contrastive representations (D2C), a paradigm for training unconditional variational autoencoders (VAEs) for few-shot conditional image generation. D2C uses a learned diffusion-based prior over the latent representations to improve generation and contrastive self-supervised learning to improve representation quality. D2C can adapt to novel generation tasks conditioned on labels or manipulation constraints, by learning from as few as 100 labeled examples. On conditional generation from new labels, D2C achieves superior performance over state-of-the-art VAEs and diffusion models. On conditional image manipulation, D2C generations are two orders of magnitude faster to produce over StyleGAN2 ones and are preferred by 50% - 60% of the human evaluators in a double-blind study.      
### 120.Entropy-based Logic Explanations of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06804.pdf)
>  Explainable artificial intelligence has rapidly emerged since lawmakers have started requiring interpretable models for safety-critical domains. Concept-based neural networks have arisen as explainable-by-design methods as they leverage human-understandable symbols (i.e. concepts) to predict class memberships. However, most of these approaches focus on the identification of the most relevant concepts but do not provide concise, formal explanations of how such concepts are leveraged by the classifier to make predictions. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end differentiable approach enabling the extraction of logic explanations from neural networks using the formalism of First-Order Logic. The method relies on an entropy-based criterion which automatically identifies the most relevant concepts. We consider four different case studies to demonstrate that: (i) this entropy-based criterion enables the distillation of concise logic explanations in safety-critical domains from clinical data to computer vision; (ii) the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art white-box models in terms of classification accuracy.      
### 121.Knowledge Consolidation based Class Incremental Online Learning with Limited Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06795.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach for class incremental online learning in a limited data setting. This problem setting is challenging because of the following constraints: (1) Classes are given incrementally, which necessitates a class incremental learning approach; (2) Data for each class is given in an online fashion, i.e., each training example is seen only once during training; (3) Each class has very few training examples; and (4) We do not use or assume access to any replay/memory to store data from previous classes. Therefore, in this setting, we have to handle twofold problems of catastrophic forgetting and overfitting. In our approach, we learn robust representations that are generalizable across tasks without suffering from the problems of catastrophic forgetting and overfitting to accommodate future classes with limited samples. Our proposed method leverages the meta-learning framework with knowledge consolidation. The meta-learning framework helps the model for rapid learning when samples appear in an online fashion. Simultaneously, knowledge consolidation helps to learn a robust representation against forgetting under online updates to facilitate future learning. Our approach significantly outperforms other methods on several benchmarks.      
### 122.Hippocampus segmentation in magnetic resonance images of Alzheimer's patients using Deep machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06743.pdf)
>  Background: Alzheimers disease is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder and the main cause of dementia in aging. Hippocampus is prone to changes in the early stages of Alzheimers disease. Detection and observation of the hippocampus changes using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) before the onset of Alzheimers disease leads to the faster preventive and therapeutic measures. Objective: The aim of this study was the segmentation of the hippocampus in magnetic resonance (MR) images of Alzheimers patients using deep machine learning method. Methods: U-Net architecture of convolutional neural network was proposed to segment the hippocampus in the real MRI data. The MR images of the 100 and 35 patients available in Alzheimers disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) dataset, was used for the train and test of the model, respectively. The performance of the proposed method was compared with manual segmentation by measuring the similarity metrics. Results: The desired segmentation achieved after 10 iterations. A Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) = 92.3%, sensitivity = 96.5%, positive predicted value (PPV) = 90.4%, and Intersection over Union (IoU) value for the train 92.94 and test 92.93 sets were obtained which are acceptable. Conclusion: The proposed approach is promising and can be extended in the prognosis of Alzheimers disease by the prediction of the hippocampus volume changes in the early stage of the disease.      
### 123.Using Convolutional Neural Networks for the Helicity Classification of Magnetic Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06718.pdf)
>  The presence of non-zero helicity in intergalactic magnetic fields is a smoking gun for their primordial origin since they have to be generated by processes that break CP invariance. As an experimental signature for the presence of helical magnetic fields, an estimator $Q$ based on the triple scalar product of the wave-vectors of photons generated in electromagnetic cascades from, e.g., TeV blazars, has been suggested previously. We propose to apply deep learning to helicity classification employing Convolutional Neural Networks and show that this method outperforms the $Q$ estimator.      
### 124.Adversarial Robustness via Fisher-Rao Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06685.pdf)
>  Adversarial robustness has become a topic of growing interest in machine learning since it was observed that neural networks tend to be brittle. We propose an information-geometric formulation of adversarial defense and introduce FIRE, a new Fisher-Rao regularization for the categorical cross-entropy loss, which is based on the geodesic distance between natural and perturbed input features. Based on the information-geometric properties of the class of softmax distributions, we derive an explicit characterization of the Fisher-Rao Distance (FRD) for the binary and multiclass cases, and draw some interesting properties as well as connections with standard regularization metrics. Furthermore, for a simple linear and Gaussian model, we show that all Pareto-optimal points in the accuracy-robustness region can be reached by FIRE while other state-of-the-art methods fail. Empirically, we evaluate the performance of various classifiers trained with the proposed loss on standard datasets, showing up to 2\% of improvements in terms of robustness while reducing the training time by 20\% over the best-performing methods.      
### 125.Rapid COVID-19 Risk Screening by Eye-region Manifestations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06664.pdf)
>  It is still nontrivial to develop a new fast COVID-19 screening method with the easier access and lower cost, due to the technical and cost limitations of the current testing methods in the medical resource-poor districts. On the other hand, there are more and more ocular manifestations that have been reported in the COVID-19 patients as growing clinical evidence[1]. This inspired this project. We have conducted the joint clinical research since January 2021 at the ShiJiaZhuang City, Heibei province, China, which approved by the ethics committee of The fifth hospital of ShiJiaZhuang of Hebei Medical University. We undertake several blind tests of COVID-19 patients by Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China. Meantime as an important part of the ongoing globally COVID-19 eye test program by AIMOMICS since February 2020, we propose a new fast screening method of analyzing the eye-region images, captured by common CCD and CMOS cameras. This could reliably make a rapid risk screening of COVID-19 with the sustainable stable high performance in different countries and races. Our model for COVID-19 rapid prescreening have the merits of the lower cost, fully self-performed, non-invasive, importantly real-time, and thus enables the continuous health surveillance. We further implement it as the open accessible APIs, and provide public service to the world. Our pilot experiments show that our model is ready to be usable to all kinds of surveillance scenarios, such as infrared temperature measurement device at airports and stations, or directly pushing to the target people groups smartphones as a packaged application.      
### 126.Robust Representation Learning via Perceptual Similarity Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06620.pdf)
>  A fundamental challenge in artificial intelligence is learning useful representations of data that yield good performance on a downstream task, without overfitting to spurious input features. Extracting such task-relevant predictive information is particularly difficult for real-world datasets. In this work, we propose Contrastive Input Morphing (CIM), a representation learning framework that learns input-space transformations of the data to mitigate the effect of irrelevant input features on downstream performance. Our method leverages a perceptual similarity metric via a triplet loss to ensure that the transformation preserves task-relevant information.Empirically, we demonstrate the efficacy of our approach on tasks which typically suffer from the presence of spurious correlations: classification with nuisance information, out-of-distribution generalization, and preservation of subgroup accuracies. We additionally show that CIM is complementary to other mutual information-based representation learning techniques, and demonstrate that it improves the performance of variational information bottleneck (VIB) when used together.      
### 127.Federated Learning with Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06579.pdf)
>  As neural networks get widespread adoption in resource-constrained embedded devices, there is a growing need for low-power neural systems. Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs)are emerging to be an energy-efficient alternative to the traditional Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) which are known to be computationally intensive. From an application perspective, as federated learning involves multiple energy-constrained devices, there is a huge scope to leverage energy efficiency provided by SNNs. Despite its importance, there has been little attention on training SNNs on a large-scale distributed system like federated learning. In this paper, we bring SNNs to a more realistic federated learning scenario. Specifically, we propose a federated learning framework for decentralized and privacy-preserving training of SNNs. To validate the proposed federated learning framework, we experimentally evaluate the advantages of SNNs on various aspects of federated learning with CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 benchmarks. We observe that SNNs outperform ANNs in terms of overall accuracy by over 15% when the data is distributed across a large number of clients in the federation while providing up to5.3x energy efficiency. In addition to efficiency, we also analyze the sensitivity of the proposed federated SNN framework to data distribution among the clients, stragglers, and gradient noise and perform a comprehensive comparison with ANNs.      
### 128.Proxy-Normalizing Activations to Match Batch Normalization while Removing Batch Dependence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03743.pdf)
>  We investigate the reasons for the performance degradation incurred with batch-independent normalization. We find that the prototypical techniques of layer normalization and instance normalization both induce the appearance of failure modes in the neural network's pre-activations: (i) layer normalization induces a collapse towards channel-wise constant functions; (ii) instance normalization induces a lack of variability in instance statistics, symptomatic of an alteration of the expressivity. To alleviate failure mode (i) without aggravating failure mode (ii), we introduce the technique "Proxy Normalization" that normalizes post-activations using a proxy distribution. When combined with layer normalization or group normalization, this batch-independent normalization emulates batch normalization's behavior and consistently matches or exceeds its performance.      
