# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 9 Aug 2019
### 1.Multi Scale Supervised 3D U-Net for Kidney and Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03204.pdf)
>  U-Net has achieved huge success in various medical image segmentation challenges. Kinds of new architectures with bells and whistles might succeed in certain dataset when employed with optimal hyper-parameter, but their generalization always can't be guaranteed. Here, we focused on the basic U-Net architecture and proposed a multi scale supervised 3D U-Net for the segmentation task in KiTS19 challenge. To enhance the performance, our work can be summarized as three folds: first, we used multi scale supervision in the decoder pathway, which could encourage the network to pre-dict right results from the deep layers; second, with the aim to alleviate the bad effect from the sample imbalance of kidney and tumor, we adopted exponential logarithmic loss; third, a connected-component based post processing method was designed to remove the obviously wrong voxels. In the published KiTS19 training dataset (totally 210 patients), we divided 42 patients to be test dataset and finally obtained DICE scores of 0.969 and 0.805 for the kidney and tumor respectively. In the challenge, we finally achieved the 7th place among 106 teams with the Composite Dice of 0.8961, namely 0.9741 for kidney and 0.8181 for tumor. 
### 2.LVIS: A Dataset for Large Vocabulary Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03195.pdf)
>  Progress on object detection is enabled by datasets that focus the research community's attention on open challenges. This process led us from simple images to complex scenes and from bounding boxes to segmentation masks. In this work, we introduce LVIS (pronounced `el-vis'): a new dataset for Large Vocabulary Instance Segmentation. We plan to collect ~2 million high-quality instance segmentation masks for over 1000 entry-level object categories in 164k images. Due to the Zipfian distribution of categories in natural images, LVIS naturally has a long tail of categories with few training samples. Given that state-of-the-art deep learning methods for object detection perform poorly in the low-sample regime, we believe that our dataset poses an important and exciting new scientific challenge. LVIS is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.lvisdataset.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 3.Dynamic Scale Inference by Entropy Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03182.pdf)
>  Given the variety of the visual world there is not one true scale for recognition: objects may appear at drastically different sizes across the visual field. Rather than enumerate variations across filter channels or pyramid levels, dynamic models locally predict scale and adapt receptive fields accordingly. The degree of variation and diversity of inputs makes this a difficult task. Existing methods either learn a feedforward predictor, which is not itself totally immune to the scale variation it is meant to counter, or select scales by a fixed algorithm, which cannot learn from the given task and data. We extend dynamic scale inference from feedforward prediction to iterative optimization for further adaptivity. We propose a novel entropy minimization objective for inference and optimize over task and structure parameters to tune the model to each input. Optimization during inference improves semantic segmentation accuracy and generalizes better to extreme scale variations that cause feedforward dynamic inference to falter. 
### 4.Moviescope: Large-scale Analysis of Movies using Multiple Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03180.pdf)
>  Film media is a rich form of artistic expression. Unlike photography, and short videos, movies contain a storyline that is deliberately complex and intricate in order to engage its audience. In this paper we present a large scale study comparing the effectiveness of visual, audio, text, and metadata-based features for predicting high-level information about movies such as their genre or estimated budget. We demonstrate the usefulness of content-based methods in this domain in contrast to human-based and metadata-based predictions in the era of deep learning. Additionally, we provide a comprehensive study of temporal feature aggregation methods for representing video and text and find that simple pooling operations are effective in this domain. We also show to what extent different modalities are complementary to each other. To this end, we also introduce Moviescope, a new large-scale dataset of 5,000 movies with corresponding movie trailers (video + audio), movie posters (images), movie plots (text), and metadata. 
### 5.Enhancing self-supervised monocular depth estimationwith traditional visual odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03127.pdf)
>  Estimating depth from a single image represents an attractive alternative to more traditional approaches leveraging multiple cameras. In this field, deep learning yielded outstanding results at the cost of needing large amounts of data labeled with precise depth measurements for training. An issue softened by self-supervised approaches leveraging monocular sequences or stereo pairs in place of expensive ground truth depth annotations. This paper enables to further improve monocular depth estimation by integrating into existing self-supervised networks a geometrical prior. Specifically, we propose a sparsity-invariant autoencoder able to process the output of conventional visual odometry algorithms working in synergy with depth-from-mono networks. Experimental results on the KITTI dataset show that by exploiting the geometrical prior, our proposal: i) outperforms existing approaches in the literature and ii) couples well with both compact and complex depth-from-mono architectures, allowing for its deployment on high-end GPUs as well as on embedded devices (e.g., NVIDIA Jetson TX2). 
### 6.ExtremeC3Net: Extreme Lightweight Portrait Segmentation Networks using Advanced C3-modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03093.pdf)
>  Designing a lightweight and robust portrait segmentation algorithm is an important task for a wide range of face applications. However, the problem has been considered as a subset of the object segmentation problem. Obviously, portrait segmentation has its unique requirements. First, because the portrait segmentation is performed in the middle of a whole process of many real-world applications, it requires extremely lightweight models. Second, there has not been any public datasets in this domain that contain a sufficient number of images with unbiased statistics. To solve the problems, we introduce a new extremely lightweight portrait segmentation model consisting of a two-branched architecture based on the concentrated-comprehensive convolutions block. Our method reduces the number of parameters from 2.08M to 37.9K (around 98.2% reduction), while maintaining the accuracy within a 1% margin from the state-of-the-art portrait segmentation method. In our qualitative and quantitative analysis on the EG1800 dataset, we show that our method outperforms various existing lightweight segmentation models. Second, we propose a simple method to create additional portrait segmentation data which can improve accuracy on the EG1800 dataset. Also, we analyze the bias in public datasets by additionally annotating race, gender, and age on our own. The augmented dataset and the additional annotations will be released after the publication. 
### 7.Sim-to-Real Learning for Casualty Detection from Ground Projected Point Cloud Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03057.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of human body detection---particularly a human body lying on the ground (a.k.a. casualty)---using point cloud data. This ability to detect a casualty is one of the most important features of mobile rescue robots, in order for them to be able to operate autonomously. We propose a deep-learning-based casualty detection method using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN). This network is trained to be able to detect a casualty using a point-cloud data input. In the method we propose, the point cloud input is pre-processed to generate a depth image-like ground-projected heightmap. This heightmap is generated based on the projected distance of each point onto the detected ground plane within the point cloud data. The generated heightmap -- in image form -- is then used as an input for the CNN to detect a human body lying on the ground. To train the neural network, we propose a novel sim-to-real approach, in which the network model is trained using synthetic data obtained in simulation and then tested on real sensor data. To make the model transferable to real data implementations, during the training we adopt specific data augmentation strategies with the synthetic training data. The experimental results show that data augmentation introduced during the training process is essential for improving the performance of the trained model on real data. More specifically, the results demonstrate that the data augmentations on raw point-cloud data have contributed to a considerable improvement of the trained model performance. 
### 8.What goes around comes around: Cycle-Consistency-based Short-Term Motion Prediction for Anomaly Detection using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03055.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection plays in many fields of research, along with the strongly related task of outlier detection, a very important role. Especially within the context of the automated analysis of video material recorded by surveillance cameras, abnormal situations can be of very different nature. For this purpose this work investigates Generative-Adversarial-Network-based methods (GAN) for anomaly detection related to surveillance applications. The focus is on the usage of static camera setups, since this kind of camera is one of the most often used and belongs to the lower price segment. In order to address this task, multiple subtasks are evaluated, including the influence of existing optical flow methods for the incorporation of short-term temporal information, different forms of network setups and losses for GANs, and the use of morphological operations for further performance improvement. With these extension we achieved up to 2.4% better results. Furthermore, the final method reduced the anomaly detection error for GAN-based methods by about 42.8%. 
### 9.Editing Text in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03047.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in editing text in natural images, which aims to replace or modify a word in the source image with another one while maintaining its realistic look. This task is challenging, as the styles of both background and text need to be preserved so that the edited image is visually indistinguishable from the source image. Specifically, we propose an end-to-end trainable style retention network (SRNet) that consists of three modules: text conversion module, background inpainting module and fusion module. The text conversion module changes the text content of the source image into the target text while keeping the original text style. The background inpainting module erases the original text, and fills the text region with appropriate texture. The fusion module combines the information from the two former modules, and generates the edited text images. To our knowledge, this work is the first attempt to edit text in natural images at the word level. Both visual effects and quantitative results on synthetic and real-world dataset (ICDAR 2013) fully confirm the importance and necessity of modular decomposition. We also conduct extensive experiments to validate the usefulness of our method in various real-world applications such as text image synthesis, augmented reality (AR) translation, information hiding, etc. 
### 10.Semantic Estimation of 3D Body Shape and Pose using Minimal Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03030.pdf)
>  We present an approach to accurately estimate high fidelity markerless 3D pose and volumetric reconstruction of human performance using only a small set of camera views ($\sim 2$). Our method utilises a dual loss in a generative adversarial network that can yield improved performance in both reconstruction and pose estimate error. We use a deep prior implicitly learnt by the network trained over a dataset of view-ablated multi-view video footage of a wide range of subjects and actions. Uniquely we use a multi-channel symmetric 3D convolutional encoder-decoder with a dual loss to enforce the learning of a latent embedding that enforces skeletal joint positions and a deep volumetric reconstruction of the performer. An extensive evaluation is performed with state of the art performance reported on three datasets; Human 3.6M, TotalCapture and TotalCaptureOutdoor. The method opens the possibility of high-end volumetric and pose performance capture in on-set and prosumer scenarios where time or cost prohibit a high witness camera count. 
### 11.Feature selection of neural networks is skewed towards the less abstract cue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03000.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks (ANNs) have become an important tool for image classification with many applications in research and industry. However, it remains largely unknown how relevant image features are selected and how data properties affect this process. In particular, we are interested whether the abstraction level of image cues correlating with class membership influences feature selection. We perform experiments with binary images that contain a combination of cues, representing two different levels of abstractions: one is a pattern drawn from a random distribution where class membership correlates with the statistics of the pattern, the other a combination of symbol-like entities, where the symbolic code correlates with class membership. When the network is trained with data in which both cues are equally significant, we observe that the cues at the lower abstraction level, i.e., the pattern, is learned, while the symbolic information is largely ignored, even in networks with many layers. Symbol-like entities are only learned if the importance of low-level cues is reduced compared to the high-level ones. These findings raise important questions about the relevance of features that are learned by deep ANNs and how learning could be shifted towards symbolic features. 
### 12.Constrained domain adaptation for segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02996.pdf)
>  We propose to adapt segmentation networks with a constrained formulation, which embeds domain-invariant prior knowledge about the segmentation regions. Such knowledge may take the form of simple anatomical information, e.g., structure size or shape, estimated from source samples or known a priori. Our method imposes domain-invariant inequality constraints on the network outputs of unlabeled target samples. It implicitly matches prediction statistics between target and source domains with permitted uncertainty of prior knowledge. We address our constrained problem with a differentiable penalty, fully suited for standard stochastic gradient descent approaches, removing the need for computationally expensive Lagrangian optimization with dual projections. Unlike current two-step adversarial training, our formulation is based on a single loss in a single network, which simplifies adaptation by avoiding extra adversarial steps, while improving convergence and quality of training. <br>The comparison of our approach with state-of-the-art adversarial methods reveals substantially better performance on the challenging task of adapting spine segmentation across different MRI modalities. Our results also show a robustness to imprecision of size priors, approaching the accuracy of a fully supervised model trained directly in a target domain.Our method can be readily used for various constraints and segmentation problems. 
### 13.Manifold Modeling in Embedded Space: A Perspective for Interpreting "Deep Image Prior"  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02995.pdf)
>  Deep image prior (DIP), which utilizes a deep convolutional network (ConvNet) structure itself as an image prior, has attractive attentions in computer vision community. It empirically showed that the effectiveness of ConvNet structure in various image restoration applications. However, why the DIP works so well is still in black box, and why ConvNet is essential for images is not very clear. <br>In this study, we tackle this question by considering the convolution divided into "embedding" and "transformation", and proposing a simple, but essential, modeling approach of images/tensors related with dynamical system or self-similarity. The proposed approach named as manifold modeling in embedded space (MMES) can be implemented by using a denoising-auto-encoder in combination with multiway delay-embedding transform. In spite of its simplicity, the image/tensor completion and super-resolution results of MMES were very similar even competitive with DIP in our experiments, and these results would help us for reinterpreting/characterizing the DIP from a perspective of "smooth patch-manifold prior". 
### 14.Fast Point R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02990.pdf)
>  We present a unified, efficient and effective framework for point-cloud based 3D object detection. Our two-stage approach utilizes both voxel representation and raw point cloud data to exploit respective advantages. The first stage network, with voxel representation as input, only consists of light convolutional operations, producing a small number of high-quality initial predictions. Coordinate and indexed convolutional feature of each point in initial prediction are effectively fused with the attention mechanism, preserving both accurate localization and context information. The second stage works on interior points with their fused feature for further refining the prediction. Our method is evaluated on KITTI dataset, in terms of both 3D and Bird's Eye View (BEV) detection, and achieves state-of-the-arts with a 15FPS detection rate. 
### 15.Pseudo-Labeling and Confirmation Bias in Deep Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02983.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning, i.e. jointly learning from labeled an unlabeled samples, is an active research topic due to its key role on relaxing human annotation constraints. In the context of image classification, recent advances to learn from unlabeled samples are mainly focused on consistency regularization methods that encourage invariant predictions for different perturbations of unlabeled samples. We, conversely, propose to learn from unlabeled data by generating soft pseudo-labels using the network predictions. We show that a naive pseudo-labeling overfits to incorrect pseudo-labels due to the so-called confirmation bias and demonstrate that label noise and mixup augmentation are effective regularization techniques for reducing it. The proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art results in CIFAR-10/100 and Mini-Imaget despite being much simpler than other state-of-the-art. These results demonstrate that pseudo-labeling can outperform consistency regularization methods, while the opposite was supposed in previous work. Source code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/fjQsC5" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 16.From Two Graphs to N Questions: A VQA Dataset for Compositional Reasoning on Vision and Commonsense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02962.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) is a challenging task for evaluating the ability of comprehensive understanding of the world. Existing benchmarks usually focus on the reasoning abilities either only on the vision or mainly on the knowledge with relatively simple abilities on vision. However, the ability of answering a question that requires alternatively inferring on the image content and the commonsense knowledge is crucial for an advanced VQA system. In this paper, we introduce a VQA dataset that provides more challenging and general questions about Compositional Reasoning on vIsion and Commonsense, which is named as CRIC. To create this dataset, we develop a powerful method to automatically generate compositional questions and rich annotations from both the scene graph of a given image and some external knowledge graph. Moreover, this paper presents a new compositional model that is capable of implementing various types of reasoning functions on the image content and the knowledge graph. Further, we analyze several baselines, state-of-the-art and our model on CRIC dataset. The experimental results show that the proposed task is challenging, where state-of-the-art obtains 52.26% accuracy and our model obtains 58.38%. 
### 17.Semi Supervised Phrase Localization in a Bidirectional Caption-Image Retrieval Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02950.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel deep neural network architecture that links visual regions to corresponding textual segments including phrases and words. To accomplish this task, our architecture makes use of the rich semantic information available in a joint embedding space of multi-modal data. From this joint embedding space, we extract the associative localization maps that develop naturally, without explicitly providing supervision during training for the localization task. The joint space is learned using a bidirectional ranking objective that is optimized using a $N$-Pair loss formulation. This training mechanism demonstrates the idea that localization information is learned inherently while optimizing a Bidirectional Retrieval objective. The model's retrieval and localization performance is evaluated on MSCOCO and Flickr30K Entities datasets. This architecture outperforms the state of the art results in the semi-supervised phrase localization setting. 
### 18.Progressive Relation Learning for Group Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02948.pdf)
>  Group activities usually involve spatio-temporal dynamics among many interactive individuals, while only a few participants at several key frames essentially define the activity. Therefore, effectively modeling the group-relevant and suppressing the irrelevant actions (and interactions) are vital for group activity recognition. In this paper, we propose a novel method based on deep reinforcement learning to progressively refine the low-level features and high-level relations of group activities. Firstly, we construct a semantic relation graph (SRG) to explicitly model the relations among persons. Then, two agents adopting policy according to two Markov decision processes are applied to progressively refine the SRG. Specifically, one feature-distilling (FD) agent in the discrete action space refines the low-level spatio-temporal features by distilling the most informative frames. Another relation-gating (RG) agent in continuous action space adjusts the high-level semantic graph to pay more attention to group-relevant relations. The SRG, FD agent, and RG agent are optimized alternately to mutually boost the performance of each other. Extensive experiments on two widely used benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed approach. 
### 19.Towards Generating Stylized Image Captions via Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02943.pdf)
>  While most image captioning aims to generate objective descriptions of images, the last few years have seen work on generating visually grounded image captions which have a specific style (e.g., incorporating positive or negative sentiment). However, because the stylistic component is typically the last part of training, current models usually pay more attention to the style at the expense of accurate content description. In addition, there is a lack of variability in terms of the stylistic aspects. To address these issues, we propose an image captioning model called ATTEND-GAN which has two core components: first, an attention-based caption generator to strongly correlate different parts of an image with different parts of a caption; and second, an adversarial training mechanism to assist the caption generator to add diverse stylistic components to the generated captions. Because of these components, ATTEND-GAN can generate correlated captions as well as more human-like variability of stylistic patterns. Our system outperforms the state-of-the-art as well as a collection of our baseline models. A linguistic analysis of the generated captions demonstrates that captions generated using ATTEND-GAN have a wider range of stylistic adjectives and adjective-noun pairs. 
### 20.Bayesian Feature Pyramid Networks for Automatic Multi-Label Segmentation of Chest X-rays and Assessment of Cardio-Thoratic Ratio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02924.pdf)
>  Cardiothoratic ratio (CTR) estimated from chest radiographs is a marker indicative of cardiomegaly, the presence of which is in the criteria for heart failure diagnosis. Existing methods for automatic assessment of CTR are driven by Deep Learning-based segmentation. However, these techniques produce only point estimates of CTR but clinical decision making typically assumes the uncertainty. In this paper, we propose a novel method for chest X-ray segmentation and CTR assessment in an automatic manner. In contrast to the previous art, we, for the first time, propose to estimate CTR with uncertainty bounds. Our method is based on Deep Convolutional Neural Network with Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) decoder. We propose two modifications of FPN: replace the batch normalization with instance normalization and inject the dropout which allows to obtain the Monte-Carlo estimates of the segmentation maps at test time. Finally, using the predicted segmentation mask samples, we estimate CTR with uncertainty. In our experiments we demonstrate that the proposed method generalizes well to three different test sets. Finally, we make the annotations produced by two radiologists for all our datasets publicly available. 
### 21.Image Captioning using Facial Expression and Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02923.pdf)
>  Benefiting from advances in machine vision and natural language processing techniques, current image captioning systems are able to generate detailed visual descriptions. For the most part, these descriptions represent an objective characterisation of the image, although some models do incorporate subjective aspects related to the observer's view of the image, such as sentiment; current models, however, usually do not consider the emotional content of images during the caption generation process. This paper addresses this issue by proposing novel image captioning models which use facial expression features to generate image captions. The models generate image captions using long short-term memory networks applying facial features in addition to other visual features at different time steps. We compare a comprehensive collection of image captioning models with and without facial features using all standard evaluation metrics. The evaluation metrics indicate that applying facial features with an attention mechanism achieves the best performance, showing more expressive and more correlated image captions, on an image caption dataset extracted from the standard Flickr 30K dataset, consisting of around 11K images containing faces. An analysis of the generated captions finds that, perhaps unexpectedly, the improvement in caption quality appears to come not from the addition of adjectives linked to emotional aspects of the images, but from more variety in the actions described in the captions. 
### 22.iCassava 2019Fine-Grained Visual Categorization Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02900.pdf)
>  Viral diseases are major sources of poor yields for cassava, the 2nd largest provider of carbohydrates in <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://Africa.At" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> least 80% of small-holder farmer households in Sub-Saharan Africa grow cassava. Since many of these farmers have smart phones, they can easily obtain photos of dis-eased and healthy cassava leaves in their farms, allowing the opportunity to use computer vision techniques to monitor the disease type and severity and increase yields. How-ever, annotating these images is extremely difficult as ex-perts who are able to distinguish between highly similar dis-eases need to be employed. We provide a dataset of labeled and unlabeled cassava leaves and formulate a Kaggle challenge to encourage participants to improve the performance of their algorithms using semi-supervised approaches. This paper describes our dataset and challenge which is part of the Fine-Grained Visual Categorization workshop at CVPR2019. 
### 23.EdgeNet: Semantic Scene Completion from RGB-D images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02893.pdf)
>  Semantic scene completion is the task of predicting a complete 3D representation of volumetric occupancy with corresponding semantic labels for a scene from a single point of view. Previous works on Semantic Scene Completion from RGB-D data used either only depth or depth with colour by projecting the 2D image into the 3D volume resulting in a sparse data representation. In this work, we present a new strategy to encode colour information in 3D space using edge detection and flipped truncated signed distance. We also present EdgeNet, a new end-to-end neural network architecture capable of handling features generated from the fusion of depth and edge information. Experimental results show improvement of 6.9% over the state-of-the-art result on real data, for end-to-end approaches. 
### 24.Unsupervised Feature Learning in Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02877.pdf)
>  The need for labeled data is among the most common and well-known practical obstacles to deploying deep learning algorithms to solve real-world problems. The current generation of learning algorithms requires a large volume of data labeled according to a static and pre-defined schema. Conversely, humans can quickly learn generalizations based on large quantities of unlabeled data, and turn these generalizations into classifications using spontaneous labels, often including labels not seen before. We apply a state-of-the-art unsupervised learning algorithm to the noisy and extremely imbalanced xView data set to train a feature extractor that adapts to several tasks: visual similarity search that performs well on both common and rare classes; identifying outliers within a labeled data set; and learning a natural class hierarchy automatically. 
### 25.Location Field Descriptors: Single Image 3D Model Retrieval in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02853.pdf)
>  We present Location Field Descriptors, a novel approach for single image 3D model retrieval in the wild. In contrast to previous methods that directly map 3D models and RGB images to an embedding space, we establish a common low-level representation in the form of location fields from which we compute pose invariant 3D shape descriptors. Location fields encode correspondences between 2D pixels and 3D surface coordinates and, thus, explicitly capture 3D shape and 3D pose information without appearance variations which are irrelevant for the task. This early fusion of 3D models and RGB images results in three main advantages: First, the bottleneck location field prediction acts as a regularizer during training. Second, major parts of the system benefit from training on a virtually infinite amount of synthetic data. Finally, the predicted location fields are visually interpretable and unblackbox the system. We evaluate our proposed approach on three challenging real-world datasets (Pix3D, Comp, and Stanford) with different object categories and significantly outperform the state-of-the-art by up to 20% absolute in multiple 3D retrieval metrics. 
### 26.GP2C: Geometric Projection Parameter Consensus for Joint 3D Pose and Focal Length Estimation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02809.pdf)
>  We present a joint 3D pose and focal length estimation approach for object categories in the wild. In contrast to previous methods that predict 3D poses independently of the focal length or assume a constant focal length, we explicitly estimate and integrate the focal length into the 3D pose estimation. For this purpose, we combine deep learning techniques and geometric algorithms in a two-stage approach: First, we estimate an initial focal length and establish 2D-3D correspondences from a single RGB image using a deep network. Second, we recover 3D poses and refine the focal length by minimizing the reprojection error of the predicted correspondences. In this way, we exploit the geometric prior given by the focal length for 3D pose estimation. This results in two advantages: First, we achieve significantly improved 3D translation and 3D pose accuracy compared to existing methods. Second, our approach finds a geometric consensus between the individual projection parameters, which is required for precise 2D-3D alignment. We evaluate our proposed approach on three challenging real-world datasets (Pix3D, Comp, and Stanford) with different object categories and significantly outperform the state-of-the-art by up to 20% absolute in multiple different metrics. 
### 27.Attend To Count: Crowd Counting with Adaptive Capacity Multi-scale CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02797.pdf)
>  Crowd counting is a challenging task due to the large variations in crowd distributions. Previous methods tend to tackle the whole image with a single fixed structure, which is unable to handle diverse complicated scenes with different crowd densities. Hence, we propose the Adaptive Capacity Multi-scale convolutional neural networks (ACM-CNN), a novel crowd counting approach which can assign different capacities to different portions of the input. The intuition is that the model should focus on important regions of the input image and optimize its capacity allocation conditioning on the crowd intensive degree. ACM-CNN consists of three types of modules: a coarse network, a fine network, and a smooth network. The coarse network is used to explore the areas that need to be focused via count attention mechanism, and generate a rough feature map. Then the fine network processes the areas of interest into a fine feature map. To alleviate the sense of division caused by fusion, the smooth network is designed to combine two feature maps organically to produce high-quality density maps. Extensive experiments are conducted on five mainstream datasets. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model for both density estimation and crowd counting tasks. 
### 28.Hierarchy-of-Visual-Words: a Learning-based Approach for Trademark Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02786.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present the Hierarchy-of-Visual-Words (HoVW), a novel trademark image retrieval (TIR) method that decomposes images into simpler geometric shapes and defines a descriptor for binary trademark image representation by encoding the hierarchical arrangement of component shapes. The proposed hierarchical organization of visual data stores each component shape as a visual word. It is capable of representing the geometry of individual elements and the topology of the trademark image, making the descriptor robust against linear as well as to some level of nonlinear transformation. Experiments show that HoVW outperforms previous TIR methods on the MPEG-7 CE-1 and MPEG-7 CE-2 image databases. 
### 29.Learning Vision-based Flight in Drone Swarms by Imitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02999.pdf)
>  Decentralized drone swarms deployed today either rely on sharing of positions among agents or detecting swarm members with the help of visual markers. This work proposes an entirely visual approach to coordinate markerless drone swarms based on imitation learning. Each agent is controlled by a small and efficient convolutional neural network that takes raw omnidirectional images as inputs and predicts 3D velocity commands that match those computed by a flocking algorithm. We start training in simulation and propose a simple yet effective unsupervised domain adaptation approach to transfer the learned controller to the real world. We further train the controller with data collected in our motion capture hall. We show that the convolutional neural network trained on the visual inputs of the drone can learn not only robust inter-agent collision avoidance but also cohesion of the swarm in a sample-efficient manner. The neural controller effectively learns to localize other agents in the visual input, which we show by visualizing the regions with the most influence on the motion of an agent. We remove the dependence on sharing positions among swarm members by taking only local visual information into account for control. Our work can therefore be seen as the first step towards a fully decentralized, vision-based swarm without the need for communication or visual markers. 
### 30.AxoNet: an AI-based tool to count retinal ganglion cell axons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02919.pdf)
>  Goal: In this work, we develop a robust, extensible tool to automatically and accurately count retinal ganglion cell axons in images of optic nerve tissue from various animal models of glaucoma. Methods: The U-Net convolutional neural network architecture was adapted to learn pixelwise axon count density estimates, which were then integrated over the image area to determine axon counts. The tool, termed AxoNet, was trained and evaluated using a dataset containing images of optic nerve regions randomly selected from complete cross sections of intact rat optic nerves and manually annotated for axon count and location. Both control and damaged optic nerves were used. This rat-trained network was then applied to a separate dataset of non-human primate (NHP) optic nerve images. AxoNet was then compared to two existing automated axon counting tools, AxonMaster and AxonJ, using both datasets. Results: AxoNet outperformed the existing tools on both the rat and NHP optic nerve datasets as judged by mean absolute error, R2 values when regressing automated vs. manual counts, and Bland-Altman analysis. Conclusion: The proposed tool allows for accurate quantification of axon numbers as a measure of glaucomatous damage. AxoNet is robust to variations in optic nerve tissue damage extent, image quality, and species of mammal. Significance: The deep learning method does not rely on hand-crafted image features for axon recognition. Therefore, this approach is not species-specific and can be extended to quantify additional optic nerve features. It will aid evaluation of optic nerve changes in glaucoma and potentially other neurodegenerative diseases. 
### 31.Solar image denoising with convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02815.pdf)
>  The topology and dynamics of the solar chromosphere are greatly affected by the presence of magnetic fields. The magnetic field can be inferred by analyzing polarimetric observations of spectral lines. Polarimetric signals induced by chromospheric magnetic fields are, however, particularly weak, and in most cases very close to the detection limit of current instrumentation. Because of this, there are only few observational studies that have successfully reconstructed the three components of the magnetic field vector in the chromosphere. Traditionally, the signal-to-noise ratio of observations has been improved by performing time-averages or spatial averages, but in both cases, some information is lost. More advanced techniques, like principal-component-analysis, have also been employed to take advantage of the sparsity of the observations in the spectral direction. In the present study, we propose to use the spatial coherence of the observations to reduce the noise using deep-learning techniques. We design a neural network that is capable of recovering weak signals under a complex noise corruption (including instrumental artifacts and non-linear post-processing). The training of the network is carried out without a priori knowledge of the clean signals, or an explicit statistical characterization of the noise or other corruption. We only use the same observations as our generative model. The performance of this method is demonstrated on both, synthetic experiments and real data. We show examples of the improvement in typical signals obtained in current telescopes such as the Swedish 1-meter Solar Telescope. The presented method can recover weak signals equally well no matter on what spectral line or spectral sampling is used. It is especially suitable for cases when the wavelength sampling is scarce. 
