# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 8 Aug 2019
### 1.Learning Conditional Deformable Templates with Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02738.pdf)
>  We develop a learning framework for building deformable templates, which play a fundamental role in many image analysis and computational anatomy tasks. Conventional methods for template creation and image alignment to the template have undergone decades of rich technical development. In these frameworks, templates are constructed using an iterative process of template estimation and alignment, which is often computationally very expensive. Due in part to this shortcoming, most methods compute a single template for the entire population of images, or a few templates for specific sub-groups of the data. In this work, we present a probabilistic model and efficient learning strategy that yields either universal or conditional templates, jointly with a neural network that provides efficient alignment of the images to these templates. We demonstrate the usefulness of this method on a variety of domains, with a special focus on neuroimaging. This is particularly useful for clinical applications where a pre-existing template does not exist, or creating a new one with traditional methods can be prohibitively expensive. Our code and atlases are available online as part of the VoxelMorph library at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://voxelmorph.csail.mit.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 2.Metric Learning With HORDE: High-Order Regularizer for Deep Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02735.pdf)
>  Learning an effective similarity measure between image representations is key to the success of recent advances in visual search tasks (e.g. verification or zero-shot learning). Although the metric learning part is well addressed, this metric is usually computed over the average of the extracted deep features. This representation is then trained to be discriminative. However, these deep features tend to be scattered across the feature space. Consequently, the representations are not robust to outliers, object occlusions, background variations, etc. In this paper, we tackle this scattering problem with a distribution-aware regularization named HORDE. This regularizer enforces visually-close images to have deep features with the same distribution which are well localized in the feature space. We provide a theoretical analysis supporting this regularization effect. We also show the effectiveness of our approach by obtaining state-of-the-art results on 4 well-known datasets (Cub-200-2011, Cars-196, Stanford Online Products and Inshop Clothes Retrieval). 
### 3.I Bet You Are Wrong: Gambling Adversarial Networks for Structured Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02711.pdf)
>  Adversarial training has been recently employed for realizing structured semantic segmentation, in which the aim is to preserve higher-level scene structural consistencies in dense predictions. However, as we show, value-based discrimination between the predictions from the segmentation network and ground-truth annotations can hinder the training process from learning to improve structural qualities as well as disabling the network from properly expressing uncertainties. In this paper, we rethink adversarial training for semantic segmentation and propose to formulate the fake/real discrimination framework with a correct/incorrect training objective. More specifically, we replace the discriminator with a "gambler" network that learns to spot and distribute its budget in areas where the predictions are clearly wrong, while the segmenter network tries to leave no clear clues for the gambler where to bet. Empirical evaluation on two road-scene semantic segmentation tasks shows that not only does the proposed method re-enable expressing uncertainties, it also improves pixel-wise and structure-based metrics. 
### 4.Zero-Shot Deep Hashing and Neural Network Based Error Correction for Face Template Protection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02706.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel architecture that integrates a deep hashing framework with a neural network decoder (NND) for application to face template protection. It improves upon existing face template protection techniques to provide better matching performance with one-shot and multi-shot enrollment. A key novelty of our proposed architecture is that the framework can also be used with zero-shot enrollment. This implies that our architecture does not need to be re-trained even if a new subject is to be enrolled into the system. The proposed architecture consists of two major components: a deep hashing (DH) component, which is used for robust mapping of face images to their corresponding intermediate binary codes, and a NND component, which corrects errors in the intermediate binary codes that are caused by differences in the enrollment and probe biometrics due to factors such as variation in pose, illumination, and other factors. The final binary code generated by the NND is then cryptographically hashed and stored as a secure face template in the database. The efficacy of our approach with zero-shot, one-shot, and multi-shot enrollments is shown for CMU-PIE, Extended Yale B, WVU multimodal and Multi-PIE face databases. With zero-shot enrollment, the system achieves approximately 85% genuine accept rates (GAR) at 0.01% false accept rate (FAR), and with one-shot and multi-shot enrollments, it achieves approximately 99.95% GAR at 0.01% FAR, while providing a high level of template security. 
### 5.Interpretable and Fine-Grained Visual Explanations for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02686.pdf)
>  To verify and validate networks, it is essential to gain insight into their decisions, limitations as well as possible shortcomings of training data. In this work, we propose a post-hoc, optimization based visual explanation method, which highlights the evidence in the input image for a specific prediction. Our approach is based on a novel technique to defend against adversarial evidence (i.e. faulty evidence due to artefacts) by filtering gradients during optimization. The defense does not depend on human-tuned parameters. It enables explanations which are both fine-grained and preserve the characteristics of images, such as edges and colors. The explanations are interpretable, suited for visualizing detailed evidence and can be tested as they are valid model inputs. We qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate our approach on a multitude of models and datasets. 
### 6.Dual-reference Age Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02671.pdf)
>  Age synthesis has received much attention in recent years. State-of-the-art methods typically take an input image and utilize a numeral to control the age of the generated image. In this paper, we revisit the age synthesis and ask: is a numeral capable enough to describe the human age? We propose a new framework Dual-reference Age Synthesis (DRAS) that takes two images as inputs to generate an image which shares the same personality of the first image and has the similar age with the second image. In the proposed framework, we employ a joint manifold feature which consists of disentangled age and identity information. The final images are generated by training a generative adversarial network which competes against an age agent and an identity agent. Experimental results demonstrate the appealing performance and flexibility of the proposed framework by comparing with the state-of-the-art and ground truth. 
### 7.The Northumberland Dolphin Dataset: A Multimedia Individual Cetacean Dataset for Fine-Grained Categorisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02669.pdf)
>  Methods for cetacean research include photo-identification (photo-id) and passive acoustic monitoring (PAM) which generate thousands of images per expedition that are currently hand categorised by researchers into the individual dolphins sighted. With the vast amount of data obtained it is crucially important to develop a system that is able to categorise this quickly. The Northumberland Dolphin Dataset (NDD) is an on-going novel dataset project made up of above and below water images of, and spectrograms of whistles from, white-beaked dolphins. These are produced by photo-id and PAM data collection methods applied off the coast of Northumberland, UK. This dataset will aid in building cetacean identification models, reducing the number of human-hours required to categorise images. Example use cases and areas identified for speed up are examined. 
### 8.Visual Coin-Tracking: Tracking of Planar Double-Sided Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02664.pdf)
>  We introduce a new video analysis problem -- tracking of rigid planar objects in sequences where both their sides are visible. Such coin-like objects often rotate fast with respect to an arbitrary axis producing unique challenges, such as fast incident light and aspect ratio change and rotational motion blur. Despite being common, neither tracking sequences containing coin-like objects nor suitable algorithm have been published. As a second contribution, we present a novel coin-tracking benchmark containing 17 video sequences annotated with object segmentation masks. Experiments show that the sequences differ significantly from the ones encountered in standard tracking datasets. We propose a baseline coin-tracking method based on convolutional neural network segmentation and explicit pose modeling. Its performance confirms that coin-tracking is an open and challenging problem. 
### 9.SpatialSense: An Adversarially Crowdsourced Benchmark for Spatial Relation Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02660.pdf)
>  Understanding the spatial relations between objects in images is a surprisingly challenging task. A chair may be "behind" a person even if it appears to the left of the person in the image (depending on which way the person is facing). Two students that appear close to each other in the image may not in fact be "next to" each other if there is a third student between them. <br>We introduce SpatialSense, a dataset specializing in spatial relation recognition which captures a broad spectrum of such challenges, allowing for proper benchmarking of computer vision techniques. SpatialSense is constructed through adversarial crowdsourcing, in which human annotators are tasked with finding spatial relations that are difficult to predict using simple cues such as 2D spatial configuration or language priors. Adversarial crowdsourcing significantly reduces dataset bias and samples more interesting relations in the long tail compared to existing datasets. On SpatialSense, state-of-the-art recognition models perform comparably to simple baselines, suggesting that they rely on straightforward cues instead of fully reasoning about this complex task. The SpatialSense benchmark provides a path forward to advancing the spatial reasoning capabilities of computer vision systems. The dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/princeton-vl/SpatialSense" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Mono-Stixels: Monocular depth reconstruction of dynamic street scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02635.pdf)
>  In this paper we present mono-stixels, a compact environment representation specially designed for dynamic street scenes. Mono-stixels are a novel approach to estimate stixels from a monocular camera sequence instead of the traditionally used stereo depth measurements. Our approach jointly infers the depth, motion and semantic information of the dynamic scene as a 1D energy minimization problem based on optical flow estimates, pixel-wise semantic segmentation and camera motion. The optical flow of a stixel is described by a homography. By applying the mono-stixel model the degrees of freedom of a stixel-homography are reduced to only up to two degrees of freedom. Furthermore, we exploit a scene model and semantic information to handle moving objects. In our experiments we use the public available DeepFlow for optical flow estimation and FCN8s for the semantic information as inputs and show on the KITTI 2015 dataset that mono-stixels provide a compact and reliable depth reconstruction of both the static and moving parts of the scene. Thereby, mono-stixels overcome the limitation to static scenes of previous structure-from-motion approaches. 
### 11.Scene-based Factored Attention for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02632.pdf)
>  Image captioning has attracted ever-increasing research attention in the multimedia community. To this end, most cutting-edge works rely on an encoder-decoder framework with attention mechanisms, which have achieved remarkable progress. However, such a framework does not consider scene concepts to attend visual information, which leads to sentence bias in caption generation and defects the performance correspondingly. We argue that such scene concepts capture higher-level visual semantics and serve as an important cue in describing images. In this paper, we propose a novel scene-based factored attention module for image captioning. Specifically, the proposed module first embeds the scene concepts into factored weights explicitly and attends the visual information extracted from the input image. Then, an adaptive LSTM is used to generate captions for specific scene types. Experimental results on Microsoft COCO benchmark show that the proposed scene-based attention module improves model performance a lot, which outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches under various evaluation metrics. 
### 12.Grasp Type Estimation for Myoelectric Prostheses using Point Cloud Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02564.pdf)
>  Prosthetic hands can help people with limb difference to return to their life routines. Commercial prostheses, however have several limitations in providing an acceptable dexterity. We approach these limitations by augmenting the prosthetic hands with an off-the-shelf depth sensor to enable the prosthesis to see the object's depth, record a single view (2.5-D) snapshot, and estimate an appropriate grasp type; using a deep network architecture based on 3D point clouds called PointNet. The human can act as the supervisor throughout the procedure by accepting or refusing the suggested grasp type. We achieved the grasp classification accuracy of up to 88%. Contrary to the case of the RGB data, the depth data provides all the necessary object shape information, which is required for grasp recognition. The PointNet not only enables using 3-D data in practice, but it also prevents excessive computations. Augmentation of the prosthetic hands with such a semi-autonomous system can lead to better differentiation of grasp types, less burden on user, and better performance. 
### 13.Progressive Transfer Learning for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02492.pdf)
>  Model fine-tuning is a widely used transfer learning approach in person Re-identification (ReID) applications, which fine-tuning a pre-trained feature extraction model into the target scenario instead of training a model from scratch. It is challenging due to the significant variations inside the target scenario, e.g., different camera viewpoint, illumination changes, and occlusion. These variations result in a gap between the distribution of each mini-batch and the distribution of the whole dataset when using mini-batch training. In this paper, we study model fine-tuning from the perspective of the aggregation and utilization of the global information of the dataset when using mini-batch training. Specifically, we introduce a novel network structure called Batch-related Convolutional Cell (BConv-Cell), which progressively collects the global information of the dataset into a latent state and uses this latent state to rectify the extracted feature. Based on BConv-Cells, we further proposed the Progressive Transfer Learning (PTL) method to facilitate the model fine-tuning process by joint training the BConv-Cells and the pre-trained ReID model. Empirical experiments show that our proposal can improve the performance of the ReID model greatly on MSMT17, Market-1501, CUHK03 and DukeMTMC-reID datasets. The code will be released later on at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZJULearning/PTL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} 
### 14.STM: SpatioTemporal and Motion Encoding for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02486.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal and motion features are two complementary and crucial information for video action recognition. Recent state-of-the-art methods adopt a 3D CNN stream to learn spatiotemporal features and another flow stream to learn motion features. In this work, we aim to efficiently encode these two features in a unified 2D framework. To this end, we first propose an STM block, which contains a Channel-wise SpatioTemporal Module (CSTM) to present the spatiotemporal features and a Channel-wise Motion Module (CMM) to efficiently encode motion features. We then replace original residual blocks in the ResNet architecture with STM blcoks to form a simple yet effective STM network by introducing very limited extra computation cost. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed STM network outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on both temporal-related datasets (i.e., Something-Something v1 \&amp; v2 and Jester) and scene-related datasets (i.e., Kinetics-400, UCF-101, and HMDB-51) with the help of encoding spatiotemporal and motion features together. 
### 15.Expert Sample Consensus Applied to Camera Re-Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02484.pdf)
>  Fitting model parameters to a set of noisy data points is a common problem in computer vision. In this work, we fit the 6D camera pose to a set of noisy correspondences between the 2D input image and a known 3D environment. We estimate these correspondences from the image using a neural network. Since the correspondences often contain outliers, we utilize a robust estimator such as Random Sample Consensus (RANSAC) or Differentiable RANSAC (DSAC) to fit the pose parameters. When the problem domain, e.g. the space of all 2D-3D correspondences, is large or ambiguous, a single network does not cover the domain well. Mixture of Experts (MoE) is a popular strategy to divide a problem domain among an ensemble of specialized networks, so called experts, where a gating network decides which expert is responsible for a given input. In this work, we introduce Expert Sample Consensus (ESAC), which integrates DSAC in a MoE. Our main technical contribution is an efficient method to train ESAC jointly and end-to-end. We demonstrate experimentally that ESAC handles two real-world problems better than competing methods, i.e. scalability and ambiguity. We apply ESAC to fitting simple geometric models to synthetic images, and to camera re-localization for difficult, real datasets. 
### 16.Edge-guided Non-local Fully Convolutional Network for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02460.pdf)
>  Fully Convolutional Neural Network (FCN) has been widely applied to salient object detection recently by virtue of high-level semantic feature extraction, but existing FCN based methods still suffer from continuous striding and pooling operations leading to loss of spatial structure and blurred edges. To maintain the clear edge structure of salient objects, we propose a novel Edge-guided Non-local FCN (ENFNet) to perform edge guided feature learning for accurate salient object detection. In a specific, we extract hierarchical global and local information in FCN to incorporate non-local features for effective feature representations. To preserve good boundaries of salient objects, we propose a guidance block to embed edge prior knowledge into hierarchical feature maps. The guidance block not only performs feature-wise manipulation but also spatial-wise transformation for effective edge embeddings. Our model is trained on the MSRA-B dataset and tested on five popular benchmark datasets. Comparing with the state-of-the-art methods, the proposed method achieves the best performance on all datasets. 
### 17.An Adaptive Supervision Framework for Active Learning in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02454.pdf)
>  Active learning approaches in computer vision generally involve querying strong labels for data. However, previous works have shown that weak supervision can be effective in training models for vision tasks while greatly reducing annotation costs. Using this knowledge, we propose an adaptive supervision framework for active learning and demonstrate its effectiveness on the task of object detection. Instead of directly querying bounding box annotations (strong labels) for the most informative samples, we first query weak labels and optimize the model. Using a switching condition, the required supervision level can be increased. Our framework requires little to no change in model architecture. Our extensive experiments show that the proposed framework can be used to train good generalizable models with much lesser annotation costs than the state of the art active learning approaches for object detection. 
### 18.Improved Adversarial Robustness by Reducing Open Space Risk via Tent Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02435.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples contain small perturbations that can remain imperceptible to human observers but alter the behavior of even the best performing deep learning models and yield incorrect outputs. Since their discovery, adversarial examples have drawn significant attention in machine learning: researchers try to reveal the reasons for their existence and improve the robustness of machine learning models to adversarial perturbations. The state-of-the-art defense is the computationally expensive and very time consuming adversarial training via projected gradient descent (PGD). We hypothesize that adversarial attacks exploit the open space risk of classic monotonic activation functions. This paper introduces the tent activation function with bounded open space risk and shows that tents make deep learning models more robust to adversarial attacks. We demonstrate on the MNIST dataset that a classifier with tents yields an average accuracy of 91.8% against six white-box adversarial attacks, which is more than 15 percentage points above the state of the art. On the CIFAR-10 dataset, our approach improves the average accuracy against the six white-box adversarial attacks to 73.5% from 41.8% achieved by adversarial training via PGD. 
### 19.Adversarial Seeded Sequence Growing for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02422.pdf)
>  Temporal action localization is an important yet challenging research topic due to its various applications. Since the frame-level or segment-level annotations of untrimmed videos require amounts of labor expenditure, studies on the weakly-supervised action detection have been springing up. However, most of existing frameworks rely on Class Activation Sequence (CAS) to localize actions by minimizing the video-level classification loss, which exploits the most discriminative parts of actions but ignores the minor regions. In this paper, we propose a novel weakly-supervised framework by adversarial learning of two modules for eliminating such demerits. Specifically, the first module is designed as a well-designed Seeded Sequence Growing (SSG) Network for progressively extending seed regions (namely the highly reliable regions initialized by a CAS-based framework) to their expected boundaries. The second module is a specific classifier for mining trivial or incomplete action regions, which is trained on the shared features after erasing the seeded regions activated by SSG. In this way, a whole network composed of these two modules can be trained in an adversarial manner. The goal of the adversary is to mine features that are difficult for the action classifier. That is, erasion from SSG will force the classifier to discover minor or even new action regions on the input feature sequence, and the classifier will drive the seeds to grow, alternately. At last, we could obtain the action locations and categories from the well-trained SSG and the classifier. Extensive experiments on two public benchmarks THUMOS'14 and ActivityNet1.3 demonstrate the impressive performance of our proposed method compared with the state-of-the-arts. 
### 20.Bag of Negatives for Siamese Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02391.pdf)
>  Training a Siamese architecture for re-identification with a large number of identities is a challenging task due to the difficulty of finding relevant negative samples efficiently. In this work we present Bag of Negatives (BoN), a method for accelerated and improved training of Siamese networks that scales well on datasets with a very large number of identities. BoN is an efficient and loss-independent method, able to select a bag of high quality negatives, based on a novel online hashing strategy. 
### 21.Estimating sex and age for forensic applications using machine learning based on facial measurements from frontal cephalometric landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02353.pdf)
>  Facial analysis permits many investigations some of the most important of which are craniofacial identification, facial recognition, and age and sex estimation. In forensics, photo-anthropometry describes the study of facial growth and allows the identification of patterns in facial skull development by using a group of cephalometric landmarks to estimate anthropological information. In several areas, automation of manual procedures has achieved advantages over and similar measurement confidence as a forensic expert. This manuscript presents an approach using photo-anthropometric indexes, generated from frontal faces cephalometric landmarks, to create an artificial neural network classifier that allows the estimation of anthropological information, in this specific case age and sex. The work is focused on four tasks: i) sex estimation over ages from 5 to 22 years old, evaluating the interference of age on sex estimation; ii) age estimation from photo-anthropometric indexes for four age intervals (1 year, 2 years, 4 years and 5 years); iii) age group estimation for thresholds of over 14 and over 18 years old; and; iv) the provision of a new data set, available for academic purposes only, with a large and complete set of facial photo-anthropometric points marked and checked by forensic experts, measured from over 18,000 faces of individuals from Brazil over the last 4 years. The proposed classifier obtained significant results, using this new data set, for the sex estimation of individuals over 14 years old, achieving accuracy values greater than 0.85 by the F_1 measure. For age estimation, the accuracy results are 0.72 for measure with an age interval of 5 years. For the age group estimation, the measures of accuracy are greater than 0.93 and 0.83 for thresholds of 14 and 18 years, respectively. 
### 22.Relative Afferent Pupillary Defect Screening through Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02300.pdf)
>  Abnormalities in pupillary light reflex can indicate optic nerve disorders that may lead to permanent visual loss if not diagnosed in an early stage. In this study, we focus on relative afferent pupillary defect (RAPD), which is based on the difference between the reactions of the eyes when they are exposed to light stimuli. Incumbent RAPD assessment methods are based on subjective practices that can lead to unreliable measurements. To eliminate subjectivity and obtain reliable measurements, we introduced an automated framework to detect RAPD. For validation, we conducted a clinical study with lab-on-a-headset, which can perform automated light reflex test. In addition to benchmarking handcrafted algorithms, we proposed a transfer learning-based approach that transformed a deep learning-based generic object recognition algorithm into a pupil detector. Based on the conducted experiments, proposed algorithm RAPDNet can achieve a sensitivity and a specificity of 90.6% over 64 test cases in a balanced set, which corresponds to an AUC of 0.929 in ROC analysis. According to our benchmark with three handcrafted algorithms and nine performance metrics, RAPDNet outperforms all other algorithms in every performance category. 
### 23.Cascaded Revision Network for Novel Object Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02726.pdf)
>  Image captioning, a challenging task where the machine automatically describes an image by sentences, has drawn significant attention in recent years. Despite the remarkable improvements of recent approaches, however, these methods are built upon a large set of training image-sentence pairs. The expensive labor efforts hence limit the captioning model to describe the wider world. In this paper, we present a novel network structure, Cascaded Revision Network, which aims at relieving the problem by equipping the model with out-of-domain knowledge. CRN first tries its best to describe an image using the existing vocabulary from in-domain knowledge. Due to the lack of out-of-domain knowledge, the caption may be inaccurate or include ambiguous words for the image with unknown (novel) objects. We propose to re-edit the primary captioning sentence by a series of cascaded operations. We introduce a perplexity predictor to find out which words are most likely to be inaccurate given the input image. Thereafter, we utilize external knowledge from a pre-trained object detection model and select more accurate words from detection results by the visual matching module. In the last step, we design a semantic matching module to ensure that the novel object is fit in the right position. By this novel cascaded captioning-revising mechanism, CRN can accurately describe images with unseen objects. We validate the proposed method with state-of-the-art performance on the held-out MSCOCO dataset as well as scale to ImageNet, demonstrating the effectiveness of this method. 
### 24.Advocacy Learning: Learning through Competition and Class-Conditional Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02723.pdf)
>  We introduce advocacy learning, a novel supervised training scheme for attention-based classification problems. Advocacy learning relies on a framework consisting of two connected networks: 1) $N$ Advocates (one for each class), each of which outputs an argument in the form of an attention map over the input, and 2) a Judge, which predicts the class label based on these arguments. Each Advocate produces a class-conditional representation with the goal of convincing the Judge that the input example belongs to their class, even when the input belongs to a different class. Applied to several different classification tasks, we show that advocacy learning can lead to small improvements in classification accuracy over an identical supervised baseline. Though a series of follow-up experiments, we analyze when and how such class-conditional representations improve discriminative performance. Though somewhat counter-intuitive, a framework in which subnetworks are trained to competitively provide evidence in support of their class shows promise, in many cases performing on par with standard learning approaches. This provides a foundation for further exploration into competition and class-conditional representations in supervised learning. 
### 25.Relighting Humans: Occlusion-Aware Inverse Rendering for Full-Body Human Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02714.pdf)
>  Relighting of human images has various applications in image synthesis. For relighting, we must infer albedo, shape, and illumination from a human portrait. Previous techniques rely on human faces for this inference, based on spherical harmonics (SH) lighting. However, because they often ignore light occlusion, inferred shapes are biased and relit images are unnaturally bright particularly at hollowed regions such as armpits, crotches, or garment wrinkles. This paper introduces the first attempt to infer light occlusion in the SH formulation directly. Based on supervised learning using convolutional neural networks (CNNs), we infer not only an albedo map, illumination but also a light transport map that encodes occlusion as nine SH coefficients per pixel. The main difficulty in this inference is the lack of training datasets compared to unlimited variations of human portraits. Surprisingly, geometric information including occlusion can be inferred plausibly even with a small dataset of synthesized human figures, by carefully preparing the dataset so that the CNNs can exploit the data coherency. Our method accomplishes more realistic relighting than the occlusion-ignored formulation. 
### 26.Regression Constraint for an Explainable Cervical Cancer Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02650.pdf)
>  This article adresses the problem of automatic squamous cells classification for cervical cancer screening using Deep Learning methods. We study different architectures on a public dataset called Herlev dataset, which consists in classifying cells, obtained by cervical pap smear, regarding the severity of the abnormalities they represent. Furthermore, we use an attribution method to understand which cytomorphological features are actually learned as discriminative to classify severity of the abnormalities. Through this paper, we show how we trained a performant classifier: 75\% accuracy on severity classification and 97\% accuracy on normal/abnormal classification. 
### 27.Linear Depthwise Convolution for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02648.pdf)
>  Recent work on super-resolution show that a very deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) have obtained remarkable performance. However, as CNN models have become deeper and wider, the required computational cost is substantially higher. In this paper, we propose Linear Depthwise Convolution to address this problem in single image super resolution. Specifically, Linear Depthwise Convolution can reduce computational burden on CNN model, preserving information used to reconstruct super-resolved image. The performance improvement of our proposed method is due to removing non-linearity between depthwise convolution and pointwise convolution. We evaluate the proposed approach using Set 5 and Set 14 datasets and show it performs significant better performance. 
### 28.Structuring Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02626.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose Structuring AutoEncoders (SAE). SAEs are neural networks which learn a low dimensional representation of data which are additionally enriched with a desired structure in this low dimensional space. While traditional Autoencoders have proven to structure data naturally they fail to discover semantic structure that is hard to recognize in the raw data. The SAE solves the problem by enhancing a traditional Autoencoder using weak supervision to form a structured latent space. In the experiments we demonstrate, that the structured latent space allows for a much more efficient data representation for further tasks such as classification for sparsely labeled data, an efficient choice of data to label, and morphing between classes. To demonstrate the general applicability of our method, we show experiments on the benchmark image datasets MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, DeepFashion2 and on a dataset of 3D human shapes. 
### 29.Kidney and Kidney Tumor Segmentation using a Logical Ensemble of U-nets with Volumetric Validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02625.pdf)
>  Automated medical image segmentation is a priority research area for computational methods. In particular, detection of cancerous tumors represents a current challenge in this area with potential for real-world impact. This paper describes a method developed in response to the 2019 Kidney Tumor Segmentation Challenge (KiTS19). Axial computed tomography (CT) scans from 210 kidney cancer patients were used to develop and evaluate this automatic segmentation method based on a logical ensemble of fully-convolutional network (FCN) architectures, followed by volumetric validation. Data was pre-processed using conventional computer vision techniques, thresholding, histogram equalization, morphological operations, centering, zooming and resizing. Three binary FCN segmentation models were trained to classify kidney and tumor (2), and only tumor (1), respectively. Model output images were stacked and volumetrically validated to produce the final segmentation for each patient scan. The average F1 score from kidney and tumor pixel classifications was calculated as 0.6758 using preprocessed images and annotations; although restoring to the original image format reduced this score. It remains to be seen how this compares to other solutions. 
### 30.Exploiting Channel Similarity for Accelerating Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02620.pdf)
>  To address the limitations of existing magnitude-based pruning algorithms in cases where model weights or activations are of large and similar magnitude, we propose a novel perspective to discover parameter redundancy among channels and accelerate deep CNNs via channel pruning. Precisely, we argue that channels revealing similar feature information have functional overlap and that most channels within each such similarity group can be removed without compromising model's representational power. After deriving an effective metric for evaluating channel similarity through probabilistic modeling, we introduce a pruning algorithm via hierarchical clustering of channels. In particular, the proposed algorithm does not rely on sparsity training techniques or complex data-driven optimization and can be directly applied to pre-trained models. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets strongly demonstrate the superior acceleration performance of our approach over prior arts. On ImageNet, our pruned ResNet-50 with 30% FLOPs reduced outperforms the baseline model. 
### 31.Confident Head Circumference Measurement from Ultrasound with Real-time Feedback for Sonographers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02582.pdf)
>  Manual estimation of fetal Head Circumference (HC) from Ultrasound (US) is a key biometric for monitoring the healthy development of fetuses. Unfortunately, such measurements are subject to large inter-observer variability, resulting in low early-detection rates of fetal abnormalities. To address this issue, we propose a novel probabilistic Deep Learning approach for real-time automated estimation of fetal HC. This system feeds back statistics on measurement robustness to inform users how confident a deep neural network is in evaluating suitable views acquired during free-hand ultrasound examination. In real-time scenarios, this approach may be exploited to guide operators to scan planes that are as close as possible to the underlying distribution of training images, for the purpose of improving inter-operator consistency. We train on free-hand ultrasound data from over 2000 subjects (2848 training/540 test) and show that our method is able to predict HC measurements within 1.81$\pm$1.65mm deviation from the ground truth, with 50% of the test images fully contained within the predicted confidence margins, and an average of 1.82$\pm$1.78mm deviation from the margin for the remaining cases that are not fully contained. 
### 32.Generation of 3D Brain MRI Using Auto-Encoding Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02498.pdf)
>  As deep learning is showing unprecedented success in medical image analysis tasks, the lack of sufficient medical data is emerging as a critical problem. While recent attempts to solve the limited data problem using Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have been successful in generating realistic images with diversity, most of them are based on image-to-image translation and thus require extensive datasets from different domains. Here, we propose a novel model that can successfully generate 3D brain MRI data from random vectors by learning the data distribution. Our 3D GAN model solves both image blurriness and mode collapse problems by leveraging alpha-GAN that combines the advantages of Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE) and GAN with an additional code discriminator network. We also use the Wasserstein GAN with Gradient Penalty (WGAN-GP) loss to lower the training instability. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our model, we generate new images of normal brain MRI and show that our model outperforms baseline models in both quantitative and qualitative measurements. We also train the model to synthesize brain disorder MRI data to demonstrate the wide applicability of our model. Our results suggest that the proposed model can successfully generate various types and modalities of 3D whole brain volumes from a small set of training data. 
### 33.Symmetric Graph Convolutional Autoencoder for Unsupervised Graph Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02441.pdf)
>  We propose a symmetric graph convolutional autoencoder which produces a low-dimensional latent representation from a graph. In contrast to the existing graph autoencoders with asymmetric decoder parts, the proposed autoencoder has a newly designed decoder which builds a completely symmetric autoencoder form. For the reconstruction of node features, the decoder is designed based on Laplacian sharpening as the counterpart of Laplacian smoothing of the encoder, which allows utilizing the graph structure in the whole processes of the proposed autoencoder architecture. In order to prevent the numerical instability of the network caused by the Laplacian sharpening introduction, we further propose a new numerically stable form of the Laplacian sharpening by incorporating the signed graphs. In addition, a new cost function which finds a latent representation and a latent affinity matrix simultaneously is devised to boost the performance of image clustering tasks. The experimental results on clustering, link prediction and visualization tasks strongly support that the proposed model is stable and outperforms various state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 34.Continuous Graph Flow for Flexible Density Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02436.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Continuous Graph Flow, a generative continuous flow based method that aims to model distributions of graph-structured complex data. The model is formulated as an ordinary differential equation system with shared and reusable functions that operate over the graph structure. This leads to a new type of neural graph message passing scheme that performs continuous message passing over time. This class of models offer several advantages: (1) modeling complex graphical distributions without rigid assumptions on the distributions; (2) not limited to modeling data of fixed dimensions and can generalize probability evaluation and data generation over unseen subset of variables; (3) the underlying continuous graph message passing process is reversible and memory-efficient. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on two generation tasks, namely, image puzzle generation, and layout generation from scene graphs. Compared to unstructured and structured latent-space VAE models, we show that our proposed model achieves significant performance improvement (up to 400% in negative log-likelihood). 
### 35.Model Learning: Primal Dual Networks for Fast MR imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02426.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is known to be a slow imaging modality and undersampling in k-space has been used to increase the imaging speed. However, image reconstruction from undersampled k-space data is an ill-posed inverse problem. Iterative algorithms based on compressed sensing have been used to address the issue. In this work, we unroll the iterations of the primal-dual hybrid gradient algorithm to a learnable deep network architecture, and gradually relax the constraints to reconstruct MR images from highly undersampled k-space data. The proposed method combines the theoretical convergence guarantee of optimi-zation methods with the powerful learning capability of deep networks. As the constraints are gradually relaxed, the reconstruction model is finally learned from the training data by updating in k-space and image domain alternatively. Experi-ments on in vivo MR data demonstrate that the proposed method achieves supe-rior MR reconstructions from highly undersampled k-space data over other state-of-the-art image reconstruction methods. 
### 36.BCN20000: Dermoscopic Lesions in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02288.pdf)
>  This article summarizes the BCN20000 dataset, composed of 19424 dermoscopic images of skin lesions captured from 2010 to 2016 in the facilities of the Hospital Clínic in Barcelona. With this dataset, we aim to study the problem of unconstrained classification of dermoscopic images of skin cancer, including lesions found in hard-to-diagnose locations (nails and mucosa), large lesions which do not fit in the aperture of the dermoscopy device, and hypo-pigmented lesions. The BCN20000 will be provided to the participants of the ISIC Challenge 2019, where they will be asked to train algorithms to classify dermoscopic images of skin cancer automatically. 
