# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 19 Aug 2019
### 1.Anchor Tasks: Inexpensive, Shared, and Aligned Tasks for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06079.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel domain adaptation formulation from synthetic dataset (source domain) to real dataset (target domain) for the category of tasks with per-pixel predictions. The annotations of these tasks are relatively hard to acquire in the real world, such as single-view depth estimation or surface normal estimation. Our key idea is to introduce anchor tasks, whose annotations are (1) less expensive to acquire than the main task, such as facial landmarks and semantic segmentations; and (2) shared in availability for both synthetic and real datasets so that it serves as "anchor" between tasks; and finally (3) aligned spatially with main task annotations on a per-pixel basis so that it also serves as spatial anchor between tasks' outputs. To further utilize spatial alignment between the anchor and main tasks, we introduce a novel freeze approach that freezes the final layers of our network after training on the source domain so that spatial and contextual relationship between tasks are maintained when adapting on the target domain. We evaluate our methods on two pairs of datasets, performing surface normal estimation in indoor scenes and faces, using semantic segmentation and facial landmarks as anchor tasks separately. We show the importance of using anchor tasks in both synthetic and real domains, and that the freeze approach outperforms competing approaches, reaching results in facial images on par with the state-of-the-art system that leverages detailed facial appearance model. 
### 2.Unicoder-VL: A Universal Encoder for Vision and Language by Cross-modal Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06066.pdf)
>  We propose Unicoder-VL, a universal encoder that aims to learn joint representations of vision and language in a pre-training manner. Borrow ideas from cross-lingual pre-trained models, such as XLM and Unicoder, both visual and linguistic contents are fed into a multi-layer transformer for the cross-modal pre-training, where three pre-trained tasks are employed, including masked language model, masked object label prediction and visual-linguistic matching. The first two tasks learn context-aware representations for input tokens based on linguistic and visual contents jointly. The last task tries to predict whether an image and a text describe each other. After pretraining on large amounts of image-caption pairs, we transfer Unicoder-VL to image-text retrieval tasks with just one additional output layer, and achieve state-of-the-art performances on both MSCOCO and Flicker30K. 
### 3.Adversarial point perturbations on 3D objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06062.pdf)
>  The importance of training robust neural network grows as 3D data is increasingly utilized in deep learning for vision tasks, like autonomous driving. We examine this problem from the perspective of the attacker, which is necessary in understanding how neural networks can be exploited, and thus defended. More specifically, we propose adversarial attacks based on solving different optimization problems, like minimizing the perceptibility of our generated adversarial examples, or maintaining a uniform density distribution of points across the adversarial object surfaces. Our four proposed algorithms for attacking 3D point cloud classification are all highly successful on existing neural networks, and we find that some of them are even effective against previously proposed point removal defenses. 
### 4.Recover and Identify: A Generative Dual Model for Cross-Resolution Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06052.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) aims at matching images of the same identity across camera views. Due to varying distances between cameras and persons of interest, resolution mismatch can be expected, which would degrade person re-ID performance in real-world scenarios. To overcome this problem, we propose a novel generative adversarial network to address cross-resolution person re-ID, allowing query images with varying resolutions. By advancing adversarial learning techniques, our proposed model learns resolution-invariant image representations while being able to recover the missing details in low-resolution input images. The resulting features can be jointly applied for improving person re-ID performance due to preserving resolution invariance and recovering re-ID oriented discriminative details. Our experiments on five benchmark datasets confirm the effectiveness of our approach and its superiority over the state-of-the-art methods, especially when the input resolutions are unseen during training. 
### 5.Robust Principal Component Analysis for Background Estimation of Particle Image Velocimetry Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06047.pdf)
>  Particle Image Velocimetry (PIV) data processing procedures are adversely affected by light reflections and backgrounds as well as defects in the models and sticky particles that occlude the inner walls of the boundaries. In this paper, a novel approach is proposed for decomposition of the PIV data into background/foreground components, greatly reducing the effects of such artifacts. This is achieved by utilizing Robust Principal Component Analysis (RPCA) applied to the data matrix, generated by aggregating the vectorized PIV frames. It is assumed that the data matrix can be decomposed into two statistically different components, a low-rank component depicting the still background and a sparse component representing the moving particles within the imaged geometry. Formulating the assumptions as an optimization problem, Augmented Lagrange Multiplier (ALM) method is used for decomposing the data matrix into the low-rank and sparse components. Experiments and comparisons with the state-of-the-art using several PIV image sequences reveal the superiority of the proposed approach for background removal of PIV data. 
### 6.Needles in Haystacks: On Classifying Tiny Objects in Large Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06037.pdf)
>  In some computer vision domains, such as medical or hyperspectral imaging, we care about the classification of tiny objects in large images. However, most Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for image classification were developed and analyzed using biased datasets that contain large objects, most often, in central image positions. To assess whether classical CNN architectures work well for tiny object classification we build a comprehensive testbed containing two datasets: one derived from MNIST digits and other from histopathology images. This testbed allows us to perform controlled experiments to stress-test CNN architectures using a broad spectrum of signal-to-noise ratios. Our observations suggest that: (1) There exists a limit to signal-to-noise below which CNNs fail to generalize and that this limit is affected by dataset size - more data leading to better performances; however, the amount of training data required for the model to generalize scales rapidly with the inverse of the object-to-image ratio (2) in general, higher capacity models exhibit better generalization; (3) when knowing the approximate object sizes, adapting receptive field is beneficial; and (4) for very small signal-to-noise ratio the choice of global pooling operation affects optimization, whereas for relatively large signal-to-noise values, all tested global pooling operations exhibit similar performance. 
### 7.Pseudo-task Regularization for ConvNet Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05997.pdf)
>  This paper is about regularizing deep convolutional networks (ConvNets) based on an adaptive multi-objective framework for transfer learning with limited training data in the target domain. Recent advances of ConvNets regularization in this context are commonly due to the use of additional regularization objectives. They guide the training away from the target task using some concrete tasks. Unlike those related approaches, we report that an objective without a concrete goal can serve surprisingly well as a regularizer. In particular, we demonstrate Pseudo-task Regularization (PtR) which dynamically regularizes a network by simply attempting to regress image representations to a pseudo-target during fine-tuning. Through numerous experiments, the improvements on classification accuracy by PtR are shown greater or on a par to the recent state-of-the-art methods. These results also indicate a room for rethinking on the requirements for a regularizer, i.e., if specifically designed task for regularization is indeed a key ingredient. The contributions of this paper are: a) PtR provides an effective and efficient alternative for regularization without dependence on concrete tasks or extra data; b) desired strength of regularization effect in PtR is dynamically adjusted and maintained based on the gradient norms of the target objective and the pseudo-task. 
### 8.FSGAN: Subject Agnostic Face Swapping and Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05932.pdf)
>  We present Face Swapping GAN (FSGAN) for face swapping and reenactment. Unlike previous work, FSGAN is subject agnostic and can be applied to pairs of faces without requiring training on those faces. To this end, we describe a number of technical contributions. We derive a novel recurrent neural network (RNN)-based approach for face reenactment which adjusts for both pose and expression variations and can be applied to a single image or a video sequence. For video sequences, we introduce continuous interpolation of the face views based on reenactment, Delaunay Triangulation, and barycentric coordinates. Occluded face regions are handled by a face completion network. Finally, we use a face blending network for seamless blending of the two faces while preserving target skin color and lighting conditions. This network uses a novel Poisson blending loss which combines Poisson optimization with perceptual loss. We compare our approach to existing state-of-the-art systems and show our results to be both qualitatively and quantitatively superior. 
### 9.Context-Aware Emotion Recognition Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05913.pdf)
>  Traditional techniques for emotion recognition have focused on the facial expression analysis only, thus providing limited ability to encode context that comprehensively represents the emotional responses. We present deep networks for context-aware emotion recognition, called CAER-Net, that exploit not only human facial expression but also context information in a joint and boosting manner. The key idea is to hide human faces in a visual scene and seek other contexts based on an attention mechanism. Our networks consist of two sub-networks, including two-stream encoding networks to seperately extract the features of face and context regions, and adaptive fusion networks to fuse such features in an adaptive fashion. We also introduce a novel benchmark for context-aware emotion recognition, called CAER, that is more appropriate than existing benchmarks both qualitatively and quantitatively. On several benchmarks, CAER-Net proves the effect of context for emotion recognition. Our dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://caer-dataset.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 10.Efficient and Accurate Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection with Pixel Aggregation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05900.pdf)
>  Scene text detection, an important step of scene text reading systems, has witnessed rapid development with convolutional neural networks. Nonetheless, two main challenges still exist and hamper its deployment to real-world applications. The first problem is the trade-off between speed and accuracy. The second one is to model the arbitrary-shaped text instance. Recently, some methods have been proposed to tackle arbitrary-shaped text detection, but they rarely take the speed of the entire pipeline into consideration, which may fall short in practical <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://applications.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose an efficient and accurate arbitrary-shaped text detector, termed Pixel Aggregation Network (PAN), which is equipped with a low computational-cost segmentation head and a learnable post-processing. More specifically, the segmentation head is made up of Feature Pyramid Enhancement Module (FPEM) and Feature Fusion Module (FFM). FPEM is a cascadable U-shaped module, which can introduce multi-level information to guide the better segmentation. FFM can gather the features given by the FPEMs of different depths into a final feature for segmentation. The learnable post-processing is implemented by Pixel Aggregation (PA), which can precisely aggregate text pixels by predicted similarity vectors. Experiments on several standard benchmarks validate the superiority of the proposed PAN. It is worth noting that our method can achieve a competitive F-measure of 79.9% at 84.2 FPS on CTW1500. 
### 11.Occlusion-shared and Feature-separated Network for Occlusion Relationship Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05898.pdf)
>  Occlusion relationship reasoning demands closed contour to express the object, and orientation of each contour pixel to describe the order relationship between objects. Current CNN-based methods neglect two critical issues of the task: (1) simultaneous existence of the relevance and distinction for the two elements, i.e, occlusion edge and occlusion orientation; and (2) inadequate exploration to the orientation features. For the reasons above, we propose the Occlusion-shared and Feature-separated Network (OFNet). On one hand, considering the relevance between edge and orientation, two sub-networks are designed to share the occlusion cue. On the other hand, the whole network is split into two paths to learn the high-level semantic features separately. Moreover, a contextual feature for orientation prediction is extracted, which represents the bilateral cue of the foreground and background areas. The bilateral cue is then fused with the occlusion cue to precisely locate the object regions. Finally, a stripe convolution is designed to further aggregate features from surrounding scenes of the occlusion edge. The proposed OFNet remarkably advances the state-of-the-art approaches on PIOD and BSDS ownership dataset. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/buptlr/OFNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.GODS: Generalized One-class Discriminative Subspaces for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05884.pdf)
>  One-class learning is the classic problem of fitting a model to data for which annotations are available only for a single class. In this paper, we propose a novel objective for one-class learning. Our key idea is to use a pair of orthonormal frames -- as subspaces -- to "sandwich" the labeled data via optimizing for two objectives jointly: i) minimize the distance between the origins of the two subspaces, and ii) to maximize the margin between the hyperplanes and the data, either subspace demanding the data to be in its positive and negative orthant respectively. Our proposed objective however leads to a non-convex optimization problem, to which we resort to Riemannian optimization schemes and derive an efficient conjugate gradient scheme on the Stiefel manifold. To study the effectiveness of our scheme, we propose a new dataset~\emph{Dash-Cam-Pose}, consisting of clips with skeleton poses of humans seated in a car, the task being to classify the clips as normal or abnormal; the latter is when any human pose is out-of-position with regard to say an airbag deployment. Our experiments on the proposed Dash-Cam-Pose dataset, as well as several other standard anomaly/novelty detection benchmarks demonstrate the benefits of our scheme, achieving state-of-the-art one-class accuracy. 
### 13.Zero-Shot Crowd Behavior Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05877.pdf)
>  Understanding crowd behavior in video is challenging for computer vision. There have been increasing attempts on modeling crowded scenes by introducing ever larger property ontologies (attributes) and annotating ever larger training datasets. However, in contrast to still images, manually annotating video attributes needs to consider spatiotemporal evolution which is inherently much harder and more costly. Critically, the most interesting crowd behaviors captured in surveillance videos (e.g., street fighting, flash mobs) are either rare, thus have few examples for model training, or unseen previously. Existing crowd analysis techniques are not readily scalable to recognize novel (unseen) crowd behaviors. To address this problem, we investigate and develop methods for recognizing visual crowd behavioral attributes without any training samples, i.e., zero-shot learning crowd behavior recognition. To that end, we relax the common assumption that each individual crowd video instance is only associated with a single crowd attribute. Instead, our model learns to jointly recognize multiple crowd behavioral attributes in each video instance by exploring multiattribute cooccurrence as contextual knowledge for optimizing individual crowd attribute recognition. Joint multilabel attribute prediction in zero-shot learning is inherently nontrivial because cooccurrence statistics does not exist for unseen attributes. To solve this problem, we learn to predict cross-attribute cooccurrence from both online text corpus and multilabel annotation of videos with known attributes. Our experiments show that this approach to modeling multiattribute context not only improves zero-shot crowd behavior recognition on the WWW crowd video dataset, but also generalizes to novel behavior (violence) detection cross-domain in the Violence Flow video dataset. 
### 14.See Clearer at Night: Towards Robust Nighttime Semantic Segmentation through Day-Night Image Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05868.pdf)
>  Currently, semantic segmentation shows remarkable efficiency and reliability in standard scenarios such as daytime scenes with favorable illumination conditions. However, in face of adverse conditions such as the nighttime, semantic segmentation loses its accuracy significantly. One of the main causes of the problem is the lack of sufficient annotated segmentation datasets of nighttime scenes. In this paper, we propose a framework to alleviate the accuracy decline when semantic segmentation is taken to adverse conditions by using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). To bridge the daytime and nighttime image domains, we made key observation that compared to datasets in adverse conditions, there are considerable amount of segmentation datasets in standard conditions such as BDD and our collected ZJU datasets. Our GAN-based nighttime semantic segmentation framework includes two methods. In the first method, GANs were used to translate nighttime images to the daytime, thus semantic segmentation can be performed using robust models already trained on daytime datasets. In another method, we use GANs to translate different ratio of daytime images in the dataset to the nighttime but still with their labels. In this sense, synthetic nighttime segmentation datasets can be generated to yield models prepared to operate at nighttime conditions robustly. In our experiment, the later method significantly boosts the performance at the nighttime evidenced by quantitative results using Intersection over Union (IoU) and Pixel Accuracy (Acc). We show that the performance varies with respect to the proportion of synthetic nighttime images in the dataset, where the sweet spot corresponds to most robust performance across the day and night. 
### 15.Differentiable Learning-to-Group Channels viaGroupable Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05867.pdf)
>  Group convolution, which divides the channels of ConvNets into groups, has achieved impressive improvement over the regular convolution operation. However, existing models, eg. ResNeXt, still suffers from the sub-optimal performance due to manually defining the number of groups as a constant over all of the layers. Toward addressing this issue, we present Groupable ConvNet (GroupNet) built by using a novel dynamic grouping convolution (DGConv) operation, which is able to learn the number of groups in an end-to-end manner. The proposed approach has several appealing benefits. (1) DGConv provides a unified convolution representation and covers many existing convolution operations such as regular dense convolution, group convolution, and depthwise convolution. (2) DGConv is a differentiable and flexible operation which learns to perform various convolutions from training data. (3) GroupNet trained with DGConv learns different number of groups for different convolution layers. Extensive experiments demonstrate that GroupNet outperforms its counterparts such as ResNet and ResNeXt in terms of accuracy and computational complexity. We also present introspection and reproducibility study, for the first time, showing the learning dynamics of training group numbers. 
### 16.The Angel is in the Priors: Improving GAN based Image and Sequence Inpainting with Better Noise and Structural Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05861.pdf)
>  Contemporary deep learning based inpainting algorithms are mainly based on a hybrid dual stage training policy of supervised reconstruction loss followed by an unsupervised adversarial critic loss. However, there is a dearth of literature for a fully unsupervised GAN based inpainting framework. The primary aversion towards the latter genre is due to its prohibitively slow iterative optimization requirement during inference to find a matching noise prior for a masked image. In this paper, we show that priors matter in GAN: we learn a data driven parametric network to predict a matching prior for a given image. This converts an iterative paradigm to a single feed forward inference pipeline with a massive 1500X speedup and simultaneous improvement in reconstruction quality. We show that an additional structural prior imposed on GAN model results in higher fidelity outputs. To extend our model for sequence inpainting, we propose a recurrent net based grouped noise prior learning. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration of an unsupervised GAN based sequence inpainting. A further improvement in sequence inpainting is achieved with an additional subsequence consistency loss. These contributions improve the spatio-temporal characteristics of reconstructed sequences. Extensive experiments conducted on SVHN, Standford Cars, CelebA and CelebA-HQ image datasets, synthetic sequences and ViDTIMIT video datasets reveal that we consistently improve upon previous unsupervised baseline and also achieve comparable performances(sometimes also better) to hybrid benchmarks. 
### 17.Learning Deep Representations by Mutual Information for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05860.pdf)
>  Most existing person re-identification (ReID) methods have good feature representations to distinguish pedestrians with deep convolutional neural network (CNN) and metric learning methods. However, these works concentrate on the similarity between encoder output and ground-truth, ignoring the correlation between input and encoder output, which affects the performance of identifying different pedestrians. To address this limitation, We design a Deep InfoMax (DIM) network to maximize the mutual information (MI) between the input image and encoder output, which doesn't need any auxiliary labels. To evaluate the effectiveness of the DIM network, we propose end-to-end Global-DIM and Local-DIM models. Additionally, the DIM network provides a new solution for cross-dataset unsupervised ReID issue as it needs no extra labels. The experiments prove the superiority of MI theory on the ReID issue, which achieves the state-of-the-art results. 
### 18.daBNN: A Super Fast Inference Framework for Binary Neural Networks on ARM devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05858.pdf)
>  It is always well believed that Binary Neural Networks (BNNs) could drastically accelerate the inference efficiency by replacing the arithmetic operations in float-valued Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) with bit-wise operations. Nevertheless, there has not been open-source implementation in support of this idea on low-end ARM devices (e.g., mobile phones and embedded devices). In this work, we propose daBNN --- a super fast inference framework that implements BNNs on ARM devices. Several speed-up and memory refinement strategies for bit-packing, binarized convolution, and memory layout are uniquely devised to enhance inference efficiency. Compared to the recent open-source BNN inference framework, BMXNet, our daBNN is $7\times$$\sim$$23\times$ faster on a single binary convolution, and about $6\times$ faster on Bi-Real Net 18 (a BNN variant of ResNet-18). The daBNN is a BSD-licensed inference framework, and its source code, sample projects and pre-trained models are available on-line: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JDAI-CV/dabnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.Tag2Pix: Line Art Colorization Using Text Tag With SECat and Changing Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05840.pdf)
>  Line art colorization is expensive and challenging to automate. A GAN approach is proposed, called Tag2Pix, of line art colorization which takes as input a grayscale line art and color tag information and produces a quality colored image. First, we present the Tag2Pix line art colorization dataset. A generator network is proposed which consists of convolutional layers to transform the input line art, a pre-trained semantic extraction network, and an encoder for input color information. The discriminator is based on an auxiliary classifier GAN to classify the tag information as well as genuineness. In addition, we propose a novel network structure called SECat, which makes the generator properly colorize even small features such as eyes, and also suggest a novel two-step training method where the generator and discriminator first learn the notion of object and shape and then, based on the learned notion, learn colorization, such as where and how to place which color. We present both quantitative and qualitative evaluations which prove the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 20.Transferable Contrastive Network for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05832.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) is a challenging problem that aims to recognize the target categories without seen data, where semantic information is leveraged to transfer knowledge from some source classes. Although ZSL has made great progress in recent years, most existing approaches are easy to overfit the sources classes in generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) task, which indicates that they learn little knowledge about target classes. To tackle such problem, we propose a novel Transferable Contrastive Network (TCN) that explicitly transfers knowledge from the source classes to the target classes. It automatically contrasts one image with different classes to judge whether they are consistent or not. By exploiting the class similarities to make knowledge transfer from source images to similar target classes, our approach is more robust to recognize the target images. Experiments on five benchmark datasets show the superiority of our approach for GZSL. 
### 21.A Cooperative Autoencoder for Population-BasedRegularization of CNN Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05825.pdf)
>  Spatial transformations are enablers in a variety of medical image analysis applications that entail aligning images to a common coordinate systems. Population analysis of such transformations is expected to capture the underlying image and shape variations, and hence these transformations are required to produce anatomically feasible correspondences. This is usually enforced through some smoothness-based generic regularization on deformation field. Alternatively, population-based regularization has been shown to produce anatomically accurate correspondences in cases where anatomically unaware (i.e., data independent) fail. Recently, deep networks have been for unsupervised image registration, these methods are computationally faster and maintains the accuracy of state of the art methods. However, these networks use smoothness penalty on deformation fields and ignores population-level statistics of the transformations. We propose a novel neural network architecture that simultaneously learns and uses the population-level statistics of the spatial transformations to regularize the neural networks for unsupervised image registration. This regularization is in the form of a bottleneck autoencoder, which encodes the population level information of the deformation fields in a low-dimensional manifold. The proposed architecture produces deformation fields that describe the population-level features and associated correspondences in an anatomically relevant manner and are statistically compact relative to the state-of-the-art approaches while maintaining computational efficiency. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed architecture on synthetic data sets, as well as 2D and 3D medical data. 
### 22.Mixed High-Order Attention Network for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05819.pdf)
>  Attention has become more attractive in person reidentification (ReID) as it is capable of biasing the allocation of available resources towards the most informative parts of an input signal. However, state-of-the-art works concentrate only on coarse or first-order attention design, e.g. spatial and channels attention, while rarely exploring higher-order attention mechanism. We take a step towards addressing this problem. In this paper, we first propose the High-Order Attention (HOA) module to model and utilize the complex and high-order statistics information in attention mechanism, so as to capture the subtle differences among pedestrians and to produce the discriminative attention proposals. Then, rethinking person ReID as a zero-shot learning problem, we propose the Mixed High-Order Attention Network (MHN) to further enhance the discrimination and richness of attention knowledge in an explicit manner. Extensive experiments have been conducted to validate the superiority of our MHN for person ReID over a wide variety of state-of-the-art methods on three large-scale datasets, including Market-1501, DukeMTMC-ReID and CUHK03-NP. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.bhchen.cn/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 23.Cross-Domain Adaptation for Animal Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05806.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in pose estimation of animals. Animals usually exhibit a wide range of variations on poses and there is no available animal pose dataset for training and testing. To address this problem, we build an animal pose dataset to facilitate training and evaluation. Considering the heavy labor needed to label dataset and it is impossible to label data for all concerned animal species, we, therefore, proposed a novel cross-domain adaptation method to transform the animal pose knowledge from labeled animal classes to unlabeled animal classes. We use the modest animal pose dataset to adapt learned knowledge to multiple animals species. Moreover, humans also share skeleton similarities with some animals (especially four-footed mammals). Therefore, the easily available human pose dataset, which is of a much larger scale than our labeled animal dataset, provides important prior knowledge to boost up the performance on animal pose estimation. Experiments show that our proposed method leverages these pieces of prior knowledge well and achieves convincing results on animal pose estimation. 
### 24.Structured Coupled Generative Adversarial Networks for Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05794.pdf)
>  Inspired by the success of adversarial learning, we propose a new end-to-end unsupervised deep learning framework for monocular depth estimation consisting of two Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), deeply coupled with a structured Conditional Random Field (CRF) model. The two GANs aim at generating distinct and complementary disparity maps and at improving the generation quality via exploiting the adversarial learning strategy. The deep CRF coupling model is proposed to fuse the generative and discriminative outputs from the dual GAN nets. As such, the model implicitly constructs mutual constraints on the two network branches and between the generator and discriminator. This facilitates the optimization of the whole network for better disparity generation. Extensive experiments on the KITTI, Cityscapes, and Make3D datasets clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach and show superior performance compared to state of the art methods. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mihaipuscas/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 3dv---coupled-crf-disparity. 
### 25.TASED-Net: Temporally-Aggregating Spatial Encoder-Decoder Network for Video Saliency Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05786.pdf)
>  TASED-Net is a 3D fully-convolutional network architecture for video saliency detection. It consists of two building blocks: first, the encoder network extracts low-resolution spatiotemporal features from an input clip of several consecutive frames, and then the following prediction network decodes the encoded features spatially while aggregating all the temporal information. As a result, a single prediction map is produced from an input clip of multiple frames. Frame-wise saliency maps can be predicted by applying TASED-Net in a sliding-window fashion to a video. The proposed approach assumes that the saliency map of any frame can be predicted by considering a limited number of past frames. The results of our extensive experiments on video saliency detection validate this assumption and demonstrate that our fully-convolutional model with temporal aggregation method is effective. TASED-Net significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art approaches on all three major large-scale datasets of video saliency detection: DHF1K, Hollywood2, and UCFSports. After analyzing the results qualitatively, we observe that our model is especially better at attending to salient moving objects. 
### 26.Discretely-constrained deep network for weakly supervised segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05770.pdf)
>  An efficient strategy for weakly-supervised segmentation is to impose constraints or regularization priors on target regions. Recent efforts have focused on incorporating such constraints in the training of convolutional neural networks (CNN), however this has so far been done within a continuous optimization framework. Yet, various segmentation constraints and regularization can be modeled and optimized more efficiently in a discrete formulation. This paper proposes a method, based on the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) algorithm, to train a CNN with discrete constraints and regularization priors. This method is applied to the segmentation of medical images with weak annotations, where both size constraints and boundary length regularization are enforced. Experiments on a benchmark cardiac segmentation dataset show our method to yield a performance near to full supervision. 
### 27.DeepHuMS: Deep Human Motion Signature for 3D Skeletal Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05750.pdf)
>  3D Human Motion Indexing and Retrieval is an interesting problem due to the rise of several data-driven applications aimed at analyzing and/or re-utilizing 3D human skeletal data, such as data-driven animation, analysis of sports bio-mechanics, human surveillance etc. Spatio-temporal articulations of humans, noisy/missing data, different speeds of the same motion etc. make it challenging and several of the existing state of the art methods use hand-craft features along with optimization based or histogram based comparison in order to perform retrieval. Further, they demonstrate it only for very small datasets and few classes. We make a case for using a learned representation that should recognize the motion as well as enforce a discriminative ranking. To that end, we propose, a 3D human motion descriptor learned using a deep network. Our learned embedding is generalizable and applicable to real-world data - addressing the aforementioned challenges and further enables sub-motion searching in its embedding space using another network. Our model exploits the inter-class similarity using trajectory cues, and performs far superior in a self-supervised setting. State of the art results on all these fronts is shown on two large scale 3D human motion datasets - NTU RGB+D and HDM05. 
### 28.Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation with High- and Low-level Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05724.pdf)
>  The ability to understand visual information from limited labeled data is an important aspect of machine learning. While image-level classification has been extensively studied in a semi-supervised setting, dense pixel-level classification with limited data has only drawn attention recently. In this work, we propose an approach for semi-supervised semantic segmentation that learns from limited pixel-wise annotated samples while exploiting additional annotation-free images. It uses two network branches that link semi-supervised classification with semi-supervised segmentation including self-training. The dual-branch approach reduces both the low-level and the high-level artifacts typical when training with few labels. The approach attains significant improvement over existing methods, especially when trained with very few labeled samples. On several standard benchmarks - PASCAL VOC 2012, PASCAL-Context, and Cityscapes - the approach achieves new state-of-the-art in semi-supervised learning. 
### 29.Bypass Enhancement RGB Stream Model for Pedestrian Action Recognition of Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05674.pdf)
>  Pedestrian action recognition and intention prediction are one of the core issues in the field of autonomous driving. In this research field, action recognition is one of the key technologies. A large number of scholars have done a lot of work to improve the accuracy of the algorithm. However, there are relatively few studies and improvements in the computational complexity of algorithms and system real-time. In the autonomous driving application scenario, the real-time performance and ultra-low latency of the algorithm are extremely important evaluation indicators, which are directly re-lated to the availability and safety of the autonomous driving system. To this end, we construct a bypass enhanced RGB flow model, which combines the previous two-branch algorithm to extract RGB feature information and optical flow feature information respectively. In the training phase, the two branches are merged by distillation method, and the bypass enhancement is combined in the inference phase to ensure accuracy. The real-time behavior of the behavior recognition algorithm is significantly improved on the premise that the accuracy does not decrease. Experiments confirm the superiority and effectiveness of our algorithm. 
### 30.Progressive Cross-camera Soft-label Learning for Semi-supervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05669.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the semi-supervised person re-identification (Re-ID) case, which only has the intra-camera (within-camera) labels but not inter-camera (cross-camera) labels. In real-world applications, these intra-camera labels can be readily captured by tracking algorithms or few manual annotations, when compared with cross-camera labels. In this case, it is very difficult to explore the relationships between cross-camera persons in the training stage due to the lack of cross-camera label information. To deal with this issue, we propose a novel Progressive Cross-camera Soft-label Learning (PCSL) framework for the semi-supervised person Re-ID task, which can generate cross-camera soft-labels and utilize them to optimize the network. Concretely, we calculate an affinity matrix based on person-level features and adapt them to produce the similarities between cross-camera persons (i.e., cross-camera soft-labels). To exploit these soft-labels to train the network, we investigate the weighted cross-entropy loss and the weighted triplet loss from the classification and discrimination perspectives, respectively. Particularly, the proposed framework alternately generates progressive cross-camera soft-labels and gradually improves feature representations in the whole learning course. Extensive experiments on five large-scale benchmark datasets show that PCSL significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised methods that employ labeled source domains or the images generated by the GAN-based models. Furthermore, the proposed method even has a competitive performance with respect to deep supervised Re-ID methods. 
### 31.ScarletNAS: Bridging the Gap Between Scalability and Fairness in Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.06022.pdf)
>  One-shot neural architecture search features fast training of a supernet in a single run. A pivotal issue for this weight-sharing approach is the lacking of scalability. A simple adjustment with identity block renders a scalable supernet but it arouses unstable training, which makes the subsequent model ranking unreliable. In this paper, we introduce linearly equivalent transformation to soothe training turbulence, providing with the proof that such transformed path is identical with the original one as per representational power. The overall method is named as SCARLET (SCAlable supeRnet with Linearly Equivalent Transformation). We show through experiments that linearly equivalent transformations can indeed harmonize the supernet training. With an EfficientNet-like search space and a multi-objective reinforced evolutionary backend, it generates a series of competitive models: Scarlet-A achieves 76.9% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet which outperforms EfficientNet-B0 by a large margin; the shallower Scarlet-B exemplifies the proposed scalability which attains the same accuracy 76.3% as EfficientNet-B0 with much fewer FLOPs; Scarlet-C scores competitive 75.6% with comparable sizes. The models and evaluation code are released online <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaomi-automl/ScarletNAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 32.Multi-Domain Adaptation in Brain MRI through Paired Consistency and Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05959.pdf)
>  Supervised learning algorithms trained on medical images will often fail to generalize across changes in acquisition parameters. Recent work in domain adaptation addresses this challenge and successfully leverages labeled data in a source domain to perform well on an unlabeled target domain. Inspired by recent work in semi-supervised learning we introduce a novel method to adapt from one source domain to $n$ target domains (as long as there is paired data covering all domains). Our multi-domain adaptation method utilises a consistency loss combined with adversarial learning. We provide results on white matter lesion hyperintensity segmentation from brain MRIs using the MICCAI 2017 challenge data as the source domain and two target domains. The proposed method significantly outperforms other domain adaptation baselines. 
### 33.Empirical Bayesian Mixture Models for Medical Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05926.pdf)
>  Automatically generating one medical imaging modality from another is known as medical image translation, and has numerous interesting applications. This paper presents an interpretable generative modelling approach to medical image translation. By allowing a common model for group-wise normalisation and segmentation of brain scans to handle missing data, the model allows for predicting entirely missing modalities from one, or a few, MR contrasts. Furthermore, the model can be trained on a fairly small number of subjects. The proposed model is validated on three clinically relevant scenarios. Results appear promising and show that a principled, probabilistic model of the relationship between multi-channel signal intensities can be used to infer missing modalities -- both MR contrasts and CT images. 
### 34.Multi-step Cascaded Networks for Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05887.pdf)
>  Automatic brain tumor segmentation method plays an extremely important role in the whole process of brain tumor diagnosis and treatment. In this paper, we propose a multi-step cascaded network which takes the hierarchical topology of the brain tumor substructures into consideration and segments the substructures from coarse to fine , i,e, each step of the the multi-step network is responsible for the segmentation of a specific substructure of the tumor, such as the whole tumor,tumor core and enhancing tumor, the result of the former step is utilized as the prior information for the next step to guide the finer segmentation process. The whole network is trained in an end-to-end fashion. Besides, to alleviate the gradient vanishing issue and reduce overfitting, we added several auxiliary outputs as a kind of deep supervision for each step and introduced several data augmentation strategies, respectively, which proved to be quite efficient for brain tumor segmentation. Lastly, focal loss is utilized to solve the problem of remarkably imbalance of the tumor regions and background. Our model is tested on the BraTS 2019 validation dataset, the preliminary results of mean dice coefficients are 0.882, 0.797, 0.753 for the whole tumor, tumor core and enhancing tumor respectively. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JohnleeHIT/Brats2019" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 35.Incorporating human and learned domain knowledge into training deep neural networks: A differentiable dose volume histogram and adversarial inspired framework for generating Pareto optimal dose distributions in radiation therapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05874.pdf)
>  We propose a novel domain specific loss, which is a differentiable loss function based on the dose volume histogram, and combine it with an adversarial loss for the training of deep neural networks to generate Pareto optimal dose distributions. The mean squared error (MSE) loss, dose volume histogram (DVH) loss, and adversarial (ADV) loss were used to train 4 instances of the neural network model: 1) MSE, 2) MSE+ADV, 3) MSE+DVH, and 4) MSE+DVH+ADV. 70 prostate patients were acquired, and the dose influence arrays were calculated for each patient. 1200 Pareto surface plans per patient were generated by pseudo-randomizing the tradeoff weights (84,000 plans total). We divided the data into 54 training, 6 validation, and 10 testing patients. Each model was trained for 100,000 iterations, with a batch size of 2. The prediction time of each model is 0.052 seconds. Quantitatively, the MSE+DVH+ADV model had the lowest prediction error of 0.038 (conformation), 0.026 (homogeneity), 0.298 (R50), 1.65% (D95), 2.14% (D98), 2.43% (D99). The MSE model had the worst prediction error of 0.134 (conformation), 0.041 (homogeneity), 0.520 (R50), 3.91% (D95), 4.33% (D98), 4.60% (D99). For both the mean dose PTV error and the max dose PTV, Body, Bladder and rectum error, the MSE+DVH+ADV outperformed all other models. All model's predictions have an average mean and max dose error less than 2.8% and 4.2%, respectively. Expert human domain specific knowledge can be the largest driver in the performance improvement, and adversarial learning can be used to further capture nuanced features. The real-time prediction capabilities allow for a physician to quickly navigate the tradeoff space, and produce a dose distribution as a tangible endpoint for the dosimetrist to use for planning. This can considerably reduce the treatment planning time, allowing for clinicians to focus their efforts on challenging cases. 
### 36.Recurrent U-net: Deep learning to predict daily summertime ozone in the United States  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05841.pdf)
>  We use a hybrid deep learning model to predict June-July-August (JJA) daily maximum 8-h average (MDA8) surface ozone concentrations in the US. A set of meteorological fields from the ERA-Interim reanalysis as well as monthly mean NO$_x$ emissions from the Community Emissions Data System (CEDS) inventory are selected as predictors. Ozone measurements from the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Air Quality System (AQS) from 1980 to 2009 are used to train the model, whereas data from 2010 to 2014 are used to evaluate the performance of the model. The model captures well daily, seasonal and interannual variability in MDA8 ozone across the US. Feature maps show that the model captures teleconnections between MDA8 ozone and the meteorological fields, which are responsible for driving the ozone dynamics. We used the model to evaluate recent trends in NO$_x$ emissions in the US and found that the trend in the EPA emission inventory produced the largest negative bias in MDA8 ozone between 2010-2016. The top-down emission trends from the Tropospheric Chemistry Reanalysis (TCR-2), which is based on satellite observations, produced predictions in best agreement with observations. In urban regions, the trend in AQS NO$_2$ observations provided ozone predictions in agreement with observations, whereas in rural regions the satellite-derived trends produced the best agreement. In both rural and urban regions the EPA trend resulted in the largest negative bias in predicted ozone. Our results suggest that the EPA inventory is overestimating the reductions in NO$_x$ emissions and that the satellite-derived trend reflects the influence of reductions in NO$_x$ emissions as well as changes in background NO$_x$. Our results demonstrate the significantly greater predictive capability that the deep learning model provides over conventional atmospheric chemical transport models for air quality analyses. 
### 37.MimickNet, Matching Clinical Post-Processing Under Realistic Black-Box Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05782.pdf)
>  Image post-processing is used in clinical-grade ultrasound scanners to improve image quality (e.g., reduce speckle noise and enhance contrast). These post-processing techniques vary across manufacturers and are generally kept proprietary, which presents a challenge for researchers looking to match current clinical-grade workflows. We introduce a deep learning framework, MimickNet, that transforms raw conventional delay-and-summed (DAS) beams into the approximate post-processed images found on clinical-grade scanners. Training MimickNet only requires post-processed image samples from a scanner of interest without the need for explicit pairing to raw DAS data. This flexibility allows it to hypothetically approximate any manufacturer's post-processing without access to the pre-processed data. MimickNet generates images with an average similarity index measurement (SSIM) of 0.930$\pm$0.0892 on a 300 cineloop test set, and it generalizes to cardiac cineloops outside of our train-test distribution achieving an SSIM of 0.967$\pm$0.002. We also explore the theoretical SSIM achievable by evaluating MimickNet performance when trained under gray-box constraints (i.e., when both pre-processed and post-processed images are available). To our knowledge, this is the first work to establish deep learning models that closely approximate current clinical-grade ultrasound post-processing under realistic black-box constraints where before and after post-processing data is unavailable. MimickNet serves as a clinical post-processing baseline for future works in ultrasound image formation to compare against. To this end, we have made the MimickNet software open source. 
### 38.Skin Lesion Segmentation and Classification for ISIC 2018 by Combining Deep CNN and Handcrafted Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05730.pdf)
>  This short report describes our submission to the ISIC 2018 Challenge in Skin Lesion Analysis Towards Melanoma Detection for Task1 and Task 3. This work has been accomplished by a team of researchers at the University of Dayton Signal and Image Processing Lab. Our proposed approach is computationally efficient are combines information from both deep learning and handcrafted features. For Task3, we form a new type of image features, called hybrid features, which has stronger discrimination ability than single method features. These features are utilized as inputs to a decision-making model that is based on a multiclass Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier. The proposed technique is evaluated on online validation databases. Our score was 0.841 with SVM classifier on the validation dataset. 
### 39.Are Quantitative Features of Lung Nodules Reproducible at Different CT Acquisition and Reconstruction Parameters?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05667.pdf)
>  Consistency and duplicability in Computed Tomography (CT) output is essential to quantitative imaging for lung cancer detection and monitoring. This study of CT-detected lung nodules investigated the reproducibility of volume-, density-, and texture-based features (outcome variables) over routine ranges of radiation-dose, reconstruction kernel, and slice thickness. CT raw data of 23 nodules were reconstructed using 320 acquisition/reconstruction conditions (combinations of 4 doses, 10 kernels, and 8 thicknesses). Scans at 12.5%, 25%, and 50% of protocol dose were simulated; reduced-dose and full-dose data were reconstructed using conventional filtered back-projection and iterative-reconstruction kernels at a range of thicknesses (0.6-5.0 mm). Full-dose/B50f kernel reconstructions underwent expert segmentation for reference Region-Of-Interest (ROI) and nodule volume per thickness; each ROI was applied to 40 corresponding images (combinations of 4 doses and 10 kernels). Typical texture analysis metrics (including 5 histogram features, 13 Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrix, 5 Run Length Matrix, 2 Neighboring Gray-Level Dependence Matrix, and 2 Neighborhood Gray-Tone Difference Matrix) were computed per ROI. Reconstruction conditions resulting in no significant change in volume, density, or texture metrics were identified as "compatible pairs" for a given outcome variable. Our results indicate that as thickness increases, volumetric reproducibility decreases, while reproducibility of histogram- and texture-based features across different acquisition and reconstruction parameters improves. In order to achieve concomitant reproducibility of volumetric and radiomic results across studies, balanced standardization of the imaging acquisition parameters is required. 
### 40.Automatic detection and diagnosis of sacroiliitis in CT scans as incidental findings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05663.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis of sacroiliitis may lead to preventive treatment which can significantly improve the patient's quality of life in the long run. Oftentimes, a CT scan of the lower back or abdomen is acquired for suspected back pain. However, since the differences between a healthy and an inflamed sacroiliac joint in the early stages are subtle, the condition may be missed. We have developed a new automatic algorithm for the diagnosis and grading of sacroiliitis CT scans as incidental findings, for patients who underwent CT scanning as part of their lower back pain workout. The method is based on supervised machine and deep learning techniques. The input is a CT scan that includes the patient's pelvis. The output is a diagnosis for each sacroiliac joint. The algorithm consists of four steps: 1) computation of an initial region of interest (ROI) that includes the pelvic joints region using heuristics and a U-Net classifier; 2) refinement of the ROI to detect both sacroiliac joints using a four-tree random forest; 3) individual sacroiliitis grading of each sacroiliac joint in each CT slice with a custom slice CNN classifier, and; 4) sacroiliitis diagnosis and grading by combining the individual slice grades using a random forest. Experimental results on 484 sacroiliac joints yield a binary and a 3-class case classification accuracy of 91.9% and 86%, a sensitivity of 95% and 82%, and an Area-Under-the-Curve of 0.97 and 0.57, respectively. Automatic computer-based analysis of CT scans has the potential of being a useful method for the diagnosis and grading of sacroiliitis as an incidental finding. 
