# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 7 Aug 2019
### 1.ViLBERT: Pretraining Task-Agnostic Visiolinguistic Representations for Vision-and-Language Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02265.pdf)
>  We present ViLBERT (short for Vision-and-Language BERT), a model for learning task-agnostic joint representations of image content and natural language. We extend the popular BERT architecture to a multi-modal two-stream model, pro-cessing both visual and textual inputs in separate streams that interact through co-attentional transformer layers. We pretrain our model through two proxy tasks on the large, automatically collected Conceptual Captions dataset and then transfer it to multiple established vision-and-language tasks -- visual question answering, visual commonsense reasoning, referring expressions, and caption-based image retrieval -- by making only minor additions to the base architecture. We observe significant improvements across tasks compared to existing task-specific models -- achieving state-of-the-art on all four tasks. Our work represents a shift away from learning groundings between vision and language only as part of task training and towards treating visual grounding as a pretrainable and transferable capability. 
### 2.EdgeNet: A novel approach for Arabic numeral classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02254.pdf)
>  Despite the importance of handwritten numeral classification, a robust and effective method for a widely used language like Arabic is still due. This study focuses to overcome two major limitations of existing works: data diversity and effective learning method. Hence, the existing Arabic numeral datasets have been merged into a single dataset and augmented to introduce data diversity. Moreover, a novel deep model has been proposed to exploit diverse data samples of unified dataset. The proposed deep model utilizes the low-level edge features by propagating them through residual connection. To make a fair comparison with the proposed model, the existing works have been studied under the unified dataset. The comparison experiments illustrate that the unified dataset accelerates the performance of the existing works. Moreover, the proposed model outperforms the existing state-of-the-art Arabic handwritten numeral classification methods and obtain an accuracy of 99.59% in the validation phase. Apart from that, different state-of-the-art classification models have studied with the same dataset to reveal their feasibility for the Arabic numeral classification. Code available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/sharif-apu/EdgeNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 3.Learning Aberrance Repressed Correlation Filters for Real-Time UAV Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02231.pdf)
>  Traditional framework of discriminative correlation filters (DCF) is often subject to undesired boundary effects. Several approaches to enlarge search regions have been already proposed in the past years to make up for this shortcoming. However, with excessive background information, more background noises are also introduced and the discriminative filter is prone to learn from the ambiance rather than the object. This situation, along with appearance changes of objects caused by full/partial occlusion, illumination variation, and other reasons has made it more likely to have aberrances in the detection process, which could substantially degrade the credibility of its result. Therefore, in this work, a novel approach to repress the aberrances happening during the detection process is proposed, i.e., aberrance repressed correlation filter (ARCF). By enforcing restriction to the rate of alteration in response maps generated in the detection phase, the ARCF tracker can evidently suppress aberrances and is thus more robust and accurate to track objects. Considerable experiments are conducted on different UAV datasets to perform object tracking from an aerial view, i.e., UAV123, UAVDT, and DTB70, with 243 challenging image sequences containing over 90K frames to verify the performance of the ARCF tracker and it has proven itself to have outperformed other 20 state-of-the-art trackers based on DCF and deep-based frameworks with sufficient speed for real-time applications. 
### 4.MetaAdvDet: Towards Robust Detection of Evolving Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02199.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial attack which is maliciously implemented by adding human-imperceptible perturbation to images and thus leads to incorrect prediction. Existing studies have proposed various methods to detect the new adversarial attacks. However, new attack methods keep evolving constantly and yield new adversarial examples to bypass the existing detectors. It needs to collect tens of thousands samples to train detectors, while the new attacks evolve much more frequently than the high-cost data collection. Thus, this situation leads the newly evolved attack samples to remain in small scales. To solve such few-shot problem with the evolving attack, we propose a meta-learning based robust detection method to detect new adversarial attacks with limited examples. Specifically, the learning consists of a double-network framework: a task-dedicated network and a master network which alternatively learn the detection capability for either seen attack or a new attack. To validate the effectiveness of our approach, we construct the benchmarks with few-shot-fashion protocols based on three conventional datasets, i.e. CIFAR-10, MNIST and Fashion-MNIST. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on them to verify the superiority of our approach with respect to the traditional adversarial attack detection methods. 
### 5.Neural Blind Deconvolution Using Deep Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02197.pdf)
>  Blind deconvolution is a classical yet challenging low-level vision problem with many real-world applications. Traditional maximum a posterior (MAP) based methods rely heavily on fixed and handcrafted priors that certainly are insufficient in characterizing clean images and blur kernels, and usually adopt specially designed alternating minimization to avoid trivial solution. In contrast, existing deep motion deblurring networks learn from massive training images the mapping to clean image or blur kernel, but are limited in handling various complex and large size blur kernels. To connect MAP and deep models, we in this paper present two generative networks for respectively modeling the deep priors of clean image and blur kernel, and propose an unconstrained neural optimization solution to blind deconvolution. In particular, we adopt an asymmetric Autoencoder with skip connections for generating latent clean image, and a fully-connected network (FCN) for generating blur kernel. Moreover, the SoftMax nonlinearity is applied to the output layer of FCN to meet the non-negative and equality constraints. The process of neural optimization can be explained as a kind of "zero-shot" self-supervised learning of the generative networks, and thus our proposed method is dubbed SelfDeblur. Experimental results show that our SelfDeblur can achieve notable quantitative gains as well as more visually plausible deblurring results in comparison to state-of-the-art blind deconvolution methods on benchmark datasets and real-world blurry images. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csdwren/SelfDeblur" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.Deep Self-Learning From Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02160.pdf)
>  ConvNets achieve good results when training from clean data, but learning from noisy labels significantly degrades performances and remains challenging. Unlike previous works constrained by many conditions, making them infeasible to real noisy cases, this work presents a novel deep self-learning framework to train a robust network on the real noisy datasets without extra supervision. The proposed approach has several appealing benefits. (1) Different from most existing work, it does not rely on any assumption on the distribution of the noisy labels, making it robust to real noises. (2) It does not need extra clean supervision or accessorial network to help training. (3) A self-learning framework is proposed to train the network in an iterative end-to-end manner, which is effective and efficient. Extensive experiments in challenging benchmarks such as Clothing1M and Food101-N show that our approach outperforms its counterparts in all empirical settings. 
### 7.Aligning Linguistic Words and Visual Semantic Units for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02127.pdf)
>  Image captioning attempts to generate a sentence composed of several linguistic words, which are used to describe objects, attributes, and interactions in an image, denoted as visual semantic units in this paper. Based on this view, we propose to explicitly model the object interactions in semantics and geometry based on Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs), and fully exploit the alignment between linguistic words and visual semantic units for image captioning. Particularly, we construct a semantic graph and a geometry graph, where each node corresponds to a visual semantic unit, i.e., an object, an attribute, or a semantic (geometrical) interaction between two objects. Accordingly, the semantic (geometrical) context-aware embeddings for each unit are obtained through the corresponding GCN learning processers. At each time step, a context gated attention module takes as inputs the embeddings of the visual semantic units and hierarchically align the current word with these units by first deciding which type of visual semantic unit (object, attribute, or interaction) the current word is about, and then finding the most correlated visual semantic units under this type. Extensive experiments are conducted on the challenging MS-COCO image captioning dataset, and superior results are reported when comparing to state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 8.Semi-Supervised Adversarial Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02126.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of monocular depth estimation when only a limited number of training image-depth pairs are available. To achieve a high regression accuracy, the state-of-the-art estimation methods rely on CNNs trained with a large number of image-depth pairs, which are prohibitively costly or even infeasible to acquire. Aiming to break the curse of such expensive data collections, we propose a semi-supervised adversarial learning framework that only utilizes a small number of image-depth pairs in conjunction with a large number of easily-available monocular images to achieve high performance. In particular, we use one generator to regress the depth and two discriminators to evaluate the predicted depth , i.e., one inspects the image-depth pair while the other inspects the depth channel alone. These two discriminators provide their feedbacks to the generator as the loss to generate more realistic and accurate depth predictions. Experiments show that the proposed approach can (1) improve most state-of-the-art models on the NYUD v2 dataset by effectively leveraging additional unlabeled data sources; (2) reach state-of-the-art accuracy when the training set is small, e.g., on the Make3D dataset; (3) adapt well to an unseen new dataset (Make3D in our case) after training on an annotated dataset (KITTI in our case). 
### 9.Addressing Data Bias Problems for Chest X-ray Image Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02123.pdf)
>  Automatic medical report generation from chest X-ray images is one possibility for assisting doctors to reduce their workload. However, the different patterns and data distribution of normal and abnormal cases can bias machine learning models. Previous attempts did not focus on isolating the generation of the abnormal and normal sentences in order to increase the variability of generated paragraphs. To address this, we propose to separate abnormal and normal sentence generation by using two different word LSTMs in a hierarchical LSTM model. We conduct an analysis on the distinctiveness of generated sentences compared to the BLEU score, which increases when less distinct reports are generated. We hope our findings will help to encourage the development of new metrics to better verify methods of automatic medical report generation. 
### 10.Teacher Supervises Students How to Learn From Partially Labeled Images for Facial Landmark Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02116.pdf)
>  Facial landmark detection aims to localize the anatomically defined points of human faces. In this paper, we study facial landmark detection from partially labeled facial images. A typical approach is to (1) train a detector on the labeled images; (2) generate new training samples using this detector's prediction as pseudo labels of unlabeled images; (3) retrain the detector on the labeled samples and partial pseudo labeled samples. In this way, the detector can learn from both labeled and unlabeled data to become robust. <br>In this paper, we propose an interaction mechanism between a teacher and two students to generate more reliable pseudo labels for unlabeled data, which are beneficial to semi-supervised facial landmark detection. Specifically, the two students are instantiated as dual detectors. The teacher learns to judge the quality of the pseudo labels generated by the students and filter out unqualified samples before the retraining stage. In this way, the student detectors get feedback from their teacher and are retrained by premium data generated by itself. Since the two students are trained by different samples, a combination of their predictions will be more robust as the final prediction compared to either prediction. Extensive experiments on 300-W and AFLW benchmarks show that the interactions between teacher and students contribute to better utilization of the unlabeled data and achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 11.AttentionBoost: Learning What to Attend by Boosting Fully Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02095.pdf)
>  Dense prediction models are widely used for image segmentation. One important challenge is to sufficiently train these models to yield good generalizations for hard-to-learn pixels. A typical group of such hard-to-learn pixels are boundaries between instances. Many studies have proposed to give specific attention to learning the boundary pixels. They include designing multi-task networks with an additional task of boundary prediction and increasing the weights of boundary pixels' predictions in the loss function. Such strategies require defining what to attend beforehand and incorporating this defined attention to the learning model. However, there may exist other groups of hard-to-learn pixels and manually defining and incorporating the appropriate attention for each group may not be feasible. In order to provide a more attainable and scalable solution, this paper proposes AttentionBoost, which is a new multi-attention learning model based on adaptive boosting. AttentionBoost designs a multi-stage network and introduces a new loss adjustment mechanism for a dense prediction model to adaptively learn what to attend at each stage directly on image data without necessitating any prior definition about what to attend. This mechanism modulates the attention of each stage to correct the mistakes of previous stages, by adjusting the loss weight of each pixel prediction separately with respect to how accurate the previous stages are on this pixel. This mechanism enables AttentionBoost to learn different attentions for different pixels at the same stage, according to difficulty of learning these pixels, as well as multiple attentions for the same pixel at different stages, according to confidence of these stages on their predictions for this pixel. Using gland segmentation as a showcase application, our experiments demonstrate that AttentionBoost improves the results of its counterparts. 
### 12.Fast Fourier Color Constancy and Grayness Index for ISPA Illumination Estimation Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02076.pdf)
>  We briefly introduce two submissions to the Illumination Estimation Challenge, in the Int'l Workshop on Color Vision, affiliated to the 11th Int'l Symposium on Image and Signal Processing and Analysis. The Fourier-transform-based submission is ranked 3rd, and the statistical Gray-pixel-based one ranked 6th. 
### 13.Full-Stack Filters to Build Minimum Viable CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02023.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are usually over-parameterized, which cannot be easily deployed on edge devices such as mobile phones and smart cameras. Existing works used to decrease the number or size of requested convolution filters for a minimum viable CNN on edge devices. In contrast, this paper introduces filters that are full-stack and can be used to generate many more sub-filters. Weights of these sub-filters are inherited from full-stack filters with the help of different binary masks. Orthogonal constraints are applied over binary masks to decrease their correlation and promote the diversity of generated sub-filters. To preserve the same volume of output feature maps, we can naturally reduce the number of established filters by only maintaining a few full-stack filters and a set of binary masks. We also conduct theoretical analysis on the memory cost and an efficient implementation is introduced for the convolution of the proposed filters. Experiments on several benchmark datasets and CNN models demonstrate that the proposed method is able to construct minimum viable convolution networks of comparable performance. 
### 14.Consensus Maximization Tree Search Revisited  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02021.pdf)
>  Consensus maximization is widely used for robust fitting in computer vision. However, solving it exactly, i.e., finding the globally optimal solution, is intractable. A* tree search, which has been shown to be fixed-parameter tractable, is one of the most efficient exact methods, though it is still limited to small inputs. We make two key contributions towards improving A* tree search. First, we show that the consensus maximization tree structure used previously actually contains paths that connect nodes at both adjacent and non-adjacent levels. Crucially, paths connecting non-adjacent levels are redundant for tree search, but they were not avoided previously. We propose a new acceleration strategy that avoids such redundant paths. In the second contribution, we show that the existing branch pruning technique also deteriorates quickly with the problem dimension. We then propose a new branch pruning technique that is less dimension-sensitive to address this issue. Experiments show that both new techniques can significantly accelerate A* tree search, making it reasonably efficient on inputs that were previously out of reach. 
### 15.Generalised Zero-Shot Learning with a Classifier Ensemble over Multi-Modal Embedding Spaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02013.pdf)
>  Generalised zero-shot learning (GZSL) methods aim to classify previously seen and unseen visual classes by leveraging the semantic information of those classes. In the context of GZSL, semantic information is non-visual data such as a text description of both seen and unseen classes. Previous GZSL methods have utilised transformations between visual and semantic embedding spaces, as well as the learning of joint spaces that include both visual and semantic information. In either case, classification is then performed on a single learned space. We argue that each embedding space contains complementary information for the GZSL problem. By using just a visual, semantic or joint space some of this information will invariably be lost. In this paper, we demonstrate the advantages of our new GZSL method that combines the classification of visual, semantic and joint spaces. Most importantly, this ensembling allows for more information from the source domains to be seen during classification. An additional contribution of our work is the application of a calibration procedure for each classifier in the ensemble. This calibration mitigates the problem of model selection when combining the classifiers. Lastly, our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on the CUB, AWA1 and AWA2 benchmark data sets and provides competitive performance on the SUN data set. 
### 16.Few-Shot Object Detection with Attention-RPN and Multi-Relation Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01998.pdf)
>  Conventional methods for object detection usually requires substantial amount of training data and to prepare such high quality training data is labor intensive. In this paper, we propose few-shot object detection which aims to detect objects of unseen class with a few training examples. Central to our method is the Attention-RPN and the multi-relation module which fully exploit the similarity between the few shot training examples and the test set to detect novel objects while suppressing the false detection in background. To train our network, we have prepared a new dataset which contains 1000 categories of varies objects with high quality annotations. To the best of our knowledge, this is also the first dataset specifically designed for few shot object detection. Once our network is trained, we can apply object detection for unseen classes without further training or fine tuning. This is also the major advantage of few shot object detection. Our method is general, and has a wide range of applications. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method quantitatively and qualitatively on different datasets. The dataset link is: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fanq15/Few-Shot-Object-Detection-Dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Multi-view Deep Subspace Clustering Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01978.pdf)
>  Multi-view subspace clustering aims to discover the inherent structure by fusing multi-view complementary information. Most existing methods first extract multiple types of hand-crafted features and then learn a joint affinity matrix for clustering. The disadvantage lies in two aspects: 1) Multi-view relations are not embedded into feature learning. 2) The end-to-end learning manner of deep learning is not well used in multi-view clustering. To address the above issues, we propose a novel multi-view deep subspace clustering network (MvDSCN) by learning a multi-view self-representation matrix in an end-to-end manner. MvDSCN consists of two sub-networks, i.e., diversity network (Dnet) and universality network (Unet). A latent space is built upon deep convolutional auto-encoders and a self-representation matrix is learned in the latent space using a fully connected layer. Dnet learns view-specific self-representation matrices while Unet learns a common self-representation matrix for all views. To exploit the complementarity of multi-view representations, Hilbert Schmidt Independence Criterion (HSIC) is introduced as a diversity regularization, which can capture the non-linear and high-order inter-view relations. As different views share the same label space, the self-representation matrices of each view are aligned to the common one by a universality regularization. Experiments on both multi-feature and multi-modality learning validate the superiority of the proposed multi-view subspace clustering model. 
### 18.Semi-supervised Skin Detection by Network with Mutual Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01977.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a new data-driven method for robust skin detection from a single human portrait image. Unlike previous methods, we incorporate human body as a weak semantic guidance into this task, considering acquiring large-scale of human labeled skin data is commonly expensive and time-consuming. To be specific, we propose a dual-task neural network for joint detection of skin and body via a semi-supervised learning strategy. The dual-task network contains a shared encoder but two decoders for skin and body separately. For each decoder, its output also serves as a guidance for its counterpart, making both decoders mutually guided. Extensive experiments were conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our network with mutual guidance, and experimental results show our network outperforms the state-of-the-art in skin detection. 
### 19.Contour Loss: Boundary-Aware Learning for Salient Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01975.pdf)
>  We present a learning model that makes full use of boundary information for salient object segmentation. Specifically, we come up with a novel loss function, i.e., Contour Loss, which leverages object contours to guide models to perceive salient object boundaries. Such a boundary-aware network can learn boundary-wise distinctions between salient objects and background, hence effectively facilitating the saliency detection. Yet the Contour Loss emphasizes on the local saliency. We further propose the hierarchical global attention module (HGAM), which forces the model hierarchically attend to global contexts, thus captures the global visual saliency. Comprehensive experiments on six benchmark datasets show that our method achieves superior performance over state-of-the-art ones. Moreover, our model has a real-time speed of 26 fps on a TITAN X GPU. 
### 20.REAPS: Towards Better Recognition of Fine-grained Images by Region Attending and Part Sequencing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01962.pdf)
>  Fine-grained image recognition has been a hot research topic in computer vision due to its various applications. The-state-of-the-art is the part/region-based approaches that first localize discriminative parts/regions, and then learn their fine-grained features. However, these approaches have some inherent drawbacks: 1) the discriminative feature representation of an object is prone to be disturbed by complicated background; 2) it is unreasonable and inflexible to fix the number of salient parts, because the intended parts may be unavailable under certain circumstances due to occlusion or incompleteness, and 3) the spatial correlation among different salient parts has not been thoroughly exploited (if not completely neglected). To overcome these drawbacks, in this paper we propose a new, simple yet robust method by building part sequence model on the attended object region. Concretely, we first try to alleviate the background effect by using a region attention mechanism to generate the attended region from the original image. Then, instead of localizing different salient parts and extracting their features separately, we learn the part representation implicitly by applying a mapping function on the serialized features of the object. Finally, we combine the region attending network and the part sequence learning network into a unified framework that can be trained end-to-end with only image-level labels. Our extensive experiments on three fine-grained benchmarks show that the proposed method achieves the state of the art performance. 
### 21.Live Illumination Decomposition of Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01961.pdf)
>  We propose the first approach for the decomposition of a monocular color video into direct and indirect illumination components in real-time. We retrieve, in separate layers, the contribution made to the scene appearance by the scene reflectance, the light sources and the reflections from various coherent scene regions to one another. Existing techniques that invert global light transport require image capture under multiplexed controlled lighting, or only enable the decomposition of a single image at slow off-line frame rates. In contrast, our approach works for regular videos and produces temporally coherent decomposition layers at real-time frame rates. At the core of our approach are several sparsity priors that enable the estimation of the per-pixel direct and indirect illumination layers based on a small set of jointly estimated base reflectance colors. The resulting variational decomposition problem uses a new formulation based on sparse and dense sets of non-linear equations that we solve efficiently using a novel alternating data-parallel optimization strategy. We evaluate our approach qualitatively and quantitatively, and show improvements over the state of the art in this field, in both quality and runtime. In addition, we demonstrate various real-time appearance editing applications for videos with consistent illumination. 
### 22.View N-gram Network for 3D Object Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01958.pdf)
>  How to aggregate multi-view representations of a 3D shape object into an informative and discriminative one remains a key challenge for multi-view 3D object retrieval. Existing methods either use a view-wise pooling strategy which neglects the spatial information across different views or employ recurrent neural networks which may face the efficiency problem. To address these issues, we propose an effective and efficient framework called View N-gram Network (VNN). Inspired by n-gram models in natural language processing, VNN divides the view sequence into a set of visual n-grams, which involve overlapping consecutive view sub-sequences. By doing so, spatial information across multiple views is captured, which helps to learn a discriminative global embedding for each 3D shape object. Experiments on 3D shape retrieval benchmarks, including ModelNet10, ModelNet40 and ShapeNetCore55 datasets, demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method. 
### 23.Symmetry-constrained Rectification Network for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01957.pdf)
>  Reading text in the wild is a very challenging task due to the diversity of text instances and the complexity of natural scenes. Recently, the community has paid increasing attention to the problem of recognizing text instances with irregular shapes. One intuitive and effective way to handle this problem is to rectify irregular text to a canonical form before recognition. However, these methods might struggle when dealing with highly curved or distorted text instances. To tackle this issue, we propose in this paper a Symmetry-constrained Rectification Network (ScRN) based on local attributes of text instances, such as center line, scale and orientation. Such constraints with an accurate description of text shape enable ScRN to generate better rectification results than existing methods and thus lead to higher recognition accuracy. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on text with both regular and irregular shapes. Specifically, the system outperforms existing algorithms by a large margin on datasets that contain quite a proportion of irregular text instances, e.g., ICDAR 2015, SVT-Perspective and CUTE80. 
### 24.Multiple Riemannian Manifold-valued Descriptors based Image Set Classification with Multi-Kernel Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01950.pdf)
>  The importance of wild video based image set recognition is becoming monotonically increasing. However, the contents of these collected videos are often complicated, and how to efficiently perform set modeling and feature extraction is a big challenge for set-based classification algorithms. In recent years, some proposed image set classification methods have made a considerable advance by modeling the original image set with covariance matrix, linear subspace, or Gaussian distribution. As a matter of fact, most of them just adopt a single geometric model to describe each given image set, which may lose some other useful information for classification. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel algorithm to model each image set from a multi-geometric perspective. Specifically, the covariance matrix, linear subspace, and Gaussian distribution are applied for set representation simultaneously. In order to fuse these multiple heterogeneous Riemannian manifoldvalued features, the well-equipped Riemannian kernel functions are first utilized to map them into high dimensional Hilbert spaces. Then, a multi-kernel metric learning framework is devised to embed the learned hybrid kernels into a lower dimensional common subspace for classification. We conduct experiments on four widely used datasets corresponding to four different classification tasks: video-based face recognition, set-based object categorization, video-based emotion recognition, and dynamic scene classification, to evaluate the classification performance of the proposed algorithm. Extensive experimental results justify its superiority over the state-of-the-art. 
### 25.Restoration of Non-rigidly Distorted Underwater Images using a Combination of Compressive Sensing and Local Polynomial Image Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01940.pdf)
>  Images of static scenes submerged beneath a wavy water surface exhibit severe non-rigid distortions. The physics of water flow suggests that water surfaces possess spatio-temporal smoothness and temporal periodicity. Hence they possess a sparse representation in the 3D discrete Fourier (DFT) basis. Motivated by this, we pose the task of restoration of such video sequences as a compressed sensing (CS) problem. We begin by tracking a few salient feature points across the frames of a video sequence of the submerged scene. Using these point trajectories, we show that the motion fields at all other (non-tracked) points can be effectively estimated using a typical CS solver. This by itself is a novel contribution in the field of non-rigid motion estimation. We show that this method outperforms state of the art algorithms for underwater image restoration. We further consider a simple optical flow algorithm based on local polynomial expansion of the image frames (PEOF). Surprisingly, we demonstrate that PEOF is more efficient and often outperforms all the state of the art methods in terms of numerical measures. Finally, we demonstrate that a two-stage approach consisting of the CS step followed by PEOF much more accurately preserves the image structure and improves the (visual as well as numerical) video quality as compared to just the PEOF stage. 
### 26.Logic could be learned from images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01931.pdf)
>  Logic reasoning is a significant ability of human intelligence and also an important task in artificial intelligence. The existing logic reasoning methods, quite often, need to design some reasoning patterns beforehand. This has led to an interesting question: can logic reasoning patterns be directly learned from given data? The problem is termed as a data concept logic (DCL). In this study, a learning logic task from images, just a LiLi task, first is proposed. This task is to learn and reason the relation between two input images and one output image, without presetting any reasoning patterns. As a preliminary exploration, we design six LiLi data sets (Bitwise And, Bitwise Or, Bitwise Xor, Addition, Subtraction and Multiplication), in which each image is embedded with a n-digit number. It is worth noting that a learning model beforehand does not know the meaning of the n-digit number embedded in images and relation between the input images and the output image. In order to tackle the task, in this work we use many typical neural network models and produce fruitful results. However, these models have the poor performances on the difficult logic task. For furthermore addressing this task, a novel network framework called a divide and conquer model (DCM) by adding some prior information is designed, achieving a high testing accuracy. 
### 27.Attract or Distract: Exploit the Margin of Open Set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01925.pdf)
>  Open set domain adaptation aims to diminish the domain shift across domains, with partially shared classes. There exist unknown target samples out of the knowledge of source domain. Compared to the close set setting, how to separate the unknown (unshared) class from the known (shared) ones plays a key role. Whereas, previous methods did not emphasize the semantic structure of the open set data, which may introduce bias into the domain alignment and confuse the classifier around the decision boundary. In this paper, we exploit the semantic structure of open set data from two aspects: 1) Semantic Categorical Alignment, which aims to achieve good separability of target known classes by categorically aligning the centroid of target with the source. 2)Semantic Contrastive Mapping, which aims to push the unknown class away from the decision boundary. Empirically, we demonstrate that our method performs favourably against the state-of-the-art methods on representative benchmarks, e.g. Digit datasets and Office-31 datasets. 
### 28.Attention Control with Metric Learning Alignment for Image Set-based Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01872.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of image set-based face verification and identification. Unlike traditional single sample (an image or a video) setting, this situation assumes the availability of a set of heterogeneous collection of orderless images and videos. The samples can be taken at different check points, different identity documents $etc$. The importance of each image is usually considered either equal or based on a quality assessment of that image independent of other images and/or videos in that image set. How to model the relationship of orderless images within a set remains a challenge. We address this problem by formulating it as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) in a latent space. Specifically, we first propose a dependency-aware attention control (DAC) network, which uses actor-critic reinforcement learning for attention decision of each image to exploit the correlations among the unordered images. An off-policy experience replay is introduced to speed up the learning process. Moreover, the DAC is combined with a temporal model for videos using divide and conquer strategies. We also introduce a pose-guided representation (PGR) scheme that can further boost the performance at extreme poses. We propose a parameter-free PGR without the need for training as well as a novel metric learning-based PGR for pose alignment without the need for pose detection in testing stage. Extensive evaluations on IJB-A/B/C, YTF, Celebrity-1000 datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms many state-of-art approaches on the set-based as well as video-based face recognition databases. 
### 29.Unsupervised Representations of Pollen in Bright-Field Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01866.pdf)
>  We present the first unsupervised deep learning method for pollen analysis using bright-field microscopy. Using a modest dataset of 650 images of pollen grains collected from honey, we achieve family level identification of pollen. We embed images of pollen grains into a low-dimensional latent space and compare Euclidean and Riemannian metrics on these spaces for clustering. We propose this system for automated analysis of pollen and other microscopic biological structures which have only small or unlabelled datasets available. 
### 30.Semi-Automatic Labeling for Deep Learning in Robotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01862.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Augmented Reality Semi-automatic labeling (ARS), a semi-automatic method which leverages on moving a 2D camera by means of a robot, proving precise camera tracking, and an augmented reality pen to define initial object bounding box, to create large labeled datasets with minimal human intervention. By removing the burden of generating annotated data from humans, we make the Deep Learning technique applied to computer vision, that typically requires very large datasets, truly automated and reliable. With the ARS pipeline, we created effortlessly two novel datasets, one on electromechanical components (industrial scenario) and one on fruits (daily-living scenario), and trained robustly two state-of-the-art object detectors, based on convolutional neural networks, such as YOLO and SSD. With respect to the conventional manual annotation of 1000 frames that takes us slightly more than 10 hours, the proposed approach based on ARS allows annotating 9 sequences of about 35000 frames in less than one hour, with a gain factor of about 450. Moreover, both the precision and recall of object detection is increased by about 15\% with respect to manual labeling. All our software is available as a ROS package in a public repository alongside the novel annotated datasets. 
### 31.Answering Questions about Data Visualizations using Efficient Bimodal Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01801.pdf)
>  Chart question answering (CQA) is a newly proposed visual question answering (VQA) task where an algorithm must answer questions about data visualizations, e.g. bar charts, pie charts, and line graphs. CQA requires capabilities that natural-image VQA algorithms lack: fine-grained measurements, optical character recognition, and handling out-of-vocabulary words in both questions and answers. Without modifications, state-of-the-art VQA algorithms perform poorly on this task. Here, we propose a novel CQA algorithm called parallel recurrent fusion of image and language (PReFIL). PReFIL first learns bimodal embeddings by fusing question and image features and then intelligently aggregates these learned embeddings to answer the given question. Despite its simplicity, PReFIL greatly surpasses state-of-the art systems and human baselines on both the FigureQA and DVQA datasets. Additionally, we demonstrate that PReFIL can be used to reconstruct tables by asking a series of questions about a chart. 
### 32.Hybrid Camera Pose Estimation with Online Partitioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01797.pdf)
>  This paper presents a hybrid real-time camera pose estimation framework with a novel partitioning scheme and introduces motion averaging to on-line monocular systems. Breaking through the limitations of fixed-size temporal partitioning in most conventional pose estimation mechanisms, the proposed approach significantly improves the accuracy of local bundle adjustment by gathering spatially-strongly-connected cameras into each block. With the dynamic initialization using intermediate computation values, our proposed self-adaptive Levenberg-Marquardt solver achieves a quadratic convergence rate to further enhance the efficiency of the local optimization. Moreover, the dense data association between blocks by virtue of our co-visibility-based partitioning enables us to explore and implement motion averaging to efficiently align the blocks globally, updating camera motion estimations on-the-fly. Experiment results on benchmarks convincingly demonstrate the practicality and robustness of our proposed approach by outperforming conventional bundle adjustment by orders of magnitude. 
### 33.Attribute-Guided Coupled GAN for Cross-Resolution Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01790.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel attribute-guided cross-resolution (low-resolution to high-resolution) face recognition framework that leverages a coupled generative adversarial network (GAN) structure with adversarial training to find the hidden relationship between the low-resolution and high-resolution images in a latent common embedding subspace. The coupled GAN framework consists of two sub-networks, one dedicated to the low-resolution domain and the other dedicated to the high-resolution domain. Each sub-network aims to find a projection that maximizes the pair-wise correlation between the two feature domains in a common embedding subspace. In addition to projecting the images into a common subspace, the coupled network also predicts facial attributes to improve the cross-resolution face recognition. Specifically, our proposed coupled framework exploits facial attributes to further maximize the pair-wise correlation by implicitly matching facial attributes of the low and high-resolution images during the training, which leads to a more discriminative embedding subspace resulting in performance enhancement for cross-resolution face recognition. The efficacy of our approach compared with the state-of-the-art is demonstrated using the LFWA, Celeb-A, SCFace and UCCS datasets. 
### 34.An attempt at beating the 3D U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02182.pdf)
>  The U-Net is arguably the most successful segmentation architecture in the medical domain. Here we apply a 3D U-Net to the 2019 Kidney and Kidney Tumor Segmentation Challenge and attempt to improve upon it by augmenting it with residual and pre-activation residual blocks. Cross-validation results on the training cases suggest only very minor, barely measurable improvements. Due to marginally higher dice scores, the residual 3D U-Net is chosen for test set prediction. With a Composite Dice score of 91.23 on the test set, our method outperformed all 105 competing teams and won the KiTS2019 challenge by a small margin. 
### 35.Semiparametric Wavelet-based JPEG IV Estimator for endogenously truncated data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02166.pdf)
>  A new and an enriched JPEG algorithm is provided for identifying redundancies in a sequence of irregular noisy data points which also accommodates a reference-free criterion function. Our main contribution is by formulating analytically (instead of approximating) the inverse of the transpose of JPEGwavelet transform without involving matrices which are computationally cumbersome. The algorithm is suitable for the widely-spread situations where the original data distribution is unobservable such as in cases where there is deficient representation of the entire population in the training data (in machine learning) and thus the covariate shift assumption is violated. The proposed estimator corrects for both biases, the one generated by endogenous truncation and the one generated by endogenous covariates. Results from utilizing 2,000,000 different distribution functions verify the applicability and high accuracy of our procedure to cases in which the disturbances are neither jointly nor marginally normally distributed. 
### 36.Architecture-aware Network Pruning for Vision Quality Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02125.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) delivers impressive achievements in computer vision and machine learning field. However, CNN incurs high computational complexity, especially for vision quality applications because of large image resolution. In this paper, we propose an iterative architecture-aware pruning algorithm with adaptive magnitude threshold while cooperating with quality-metric measurement simultaneously. We show the performance improvement applied on vision quality applications and provide comprehensive analysis with flexible pruning configuration. With the proposed method, the Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) of state-of-the-art low-light imaging (SID) and super-resolution (EDSR) are reduced by 58% and 37% without quality drop, respectively. The memory bandwidth (BW) requirements of convolutional layer can be also reduced by 20% to 40%. 
### 37.Model-based Convolutional De-Aliasing Network Learning for Parallel MR Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.02054.pdf)
>  Parallel imaging has been an essential technique to accelerate MR imaging. Nevertheless, the acceleration rate is still limited due to the ill-condition and challenges associated with the undersampled reconstruction. In this paper, we propose a model-based convolutional de-aliasing network with adaptive parameter learning to achieve accurate reconstruction from multi-coil undersampled k-space data. Three main contributions have been made: a de-aliasing reconstruction model was proposed to accelerate parallel MR imaging with deep learning exploring both spatial redundancy and multi-coil correlations; a split Bregman iteration algorithm was developed to solve the model efficiently; and unlike most existing parallel imaging methods which rely on the accuracy of the estimated multi-coil sensitivity, the proposed method can perform parallel reconstruction from undersampled data without explicit sensitivity calculation. Evaluations were conducted on \emph{in vivo} brain dataset with a variety of undersampling patterns and different acceleration factors. Our results demonstrated that this method could achieve superior performance in both quantitative and qualitative analysis, compared to three state-of-the-art methods. 
### 38.Learning Cross-Modal Deep Representations for Multi-Modal MR Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.01997.pdf)
>  Multi-modal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is essential in clinics for comprehensive diagnosis and surgical planning. Nevertheless, the segmentation of multi-modal MR images tends to be time-consuming and challenging. Convolutional neural network (CNN)-based multi-modal MR image analysis commonly proceeds with multiple down-sampling streams fused at one or several layers. Although inspiring performance has been achieved, the feature fusion is usually conducted through simple summation or concatenation without optimization. In this work, we propose a supervised image fusion method to selectively fuse the useful information from different modalities and suppress the respective noise signals. Specifically, an attention block is introduced as guidance for the information selection. From the different modalities, one modality that contributes most to the results is selected as the master modality, which supervises the information selection of the other assistant modalities. The effectiveness of the proposed method is confirmed through breast mass segmentation in MR images of two modalities and better segmentation results are achieved compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
