# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 14 Aug 2019
### 1.Predicting 3D Human Dynamics from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04781.pdf)
>  Given a video of a person in action, we can easily guess the 3D future motion of the person. In this work, we present perhaps the first approach for predicting a future 3D mesh model sequence of a person from past video input. We do this for periodic motions such as walking and also actions like bowling and squatting seen in sports or workout videos. While there has been a surge of future prediction problems in computer vision, most approaches predict 3D future from 3D past or 2D future from 2D past inputs. In this work, we focus on the problem of predicting 3D future motion from past image sequences, which has a plethora of practical applications in autonomous systems that must operate safely around people from visual inputs. Inspired by the success of autoregressive models in language modeling tasks, we learn an intermediate latent space on which we predict the future. This effectively facilitates autoregressive predictions when the input differs from the output domain. Our approach can be trained on video sequences obtained in-the-wild without 3D ground truth labels. The project website with videos can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jasonyzhang.com/phd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.Learning elementary structures for 3D shape generation and matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04725.pdf)
>  We propose to represent shapes as the deformation and combination of learnable elementary 3D structures, which are primitives resulting from training over a collection of shape. We demonstrate that the learned elementary 3D structures lead to clear improvements in 3D shape generation and matching. More precisely, we present two complementary approaches for learning elementary structures: (i) patch deformation learning and (ii) point translation learning. Both approaches can be extended to abstract structures of higher dimensions for improved results. We evaluate our method on two tasks: reconstructing ShapeNet objects and estimating dense correspondences between human scans (FAUST inter challenge). We show 16% improvement over surface deformation approaches for shape reconstruction and outperform FAUST inter challenge state of the art by 6%. 
### 3.Effective Training of Convolutional Neural Networks with Low-bitwidth Weights and Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04680.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of training a deep convolutional neural network of both low-bitwidth weights and activations. Optimizing a low-precision network is very challenging due to the non-differentiability of the quantizer, which may result in substantial accuracy loss. To address this, we propose three practical approaches, including (i) progressive quantization; (ii) stochastic precision; and (iii) joint knowledge distillation to improve the network training. First, for progressive quantization, we propose two schemes to progressively find good local minima. Specifically, we propose to first optimize a net with quantized weights and subsequently quantize activations. This is in contrast to the traditional methods which optimize them simultaneously. Furthermore, we propose a second progressive quantization scheme which gradually decreases the bit-width from high-precision to low-precision during training. Second, to alleviate the excessive training burden due to the multi-round training stages, we further propose a one-stage stochastic precision strategy to randomly sample and quantize sub-networks while keeping other parts in full-precision. Finally, we adopt a novel learning scheme to jointly train a full-precision model alongside the low-precision one. By doing so, the full-precision model provides hints to guide the low-precision model training and significantly improves the performance of the low-precision network. Extensive experiments on various datasets (e.g., CIFAR-100, ImageNet) show the effectiveness of the proposed methods. 
### 4.Matrix Nets: A New Deep Architecture for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04646.pdf)
>  We present Matrix Nets (xNets), a new deep architecture for object detection. xNets map objects with different sizes and aspect ratios into layers where the sizes and the aspect ratios of the objects within their layers are nearly uniform. Hence, xNets provide a scale and aspect ratio aware architecture. We leverage xNets to enhance key-points based object detection. Our architecture achieves mAP of 47.8 on MS COCO, which is higher than any other single-shot detector while using half the number of parameters and training 3x faster than the next best architecture. 
### 5.Construction of efficient detectors for character information recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04634.pdf)
>  We have developed and tested in numerical experiments a universal approach to searching objects of a given type in captured video images (for example, people's faces, vehicles, special characters, numbers and letters, etc.). The novelty and versatility of this approach consists in a unique combination of the well-known methods ranging from creating detectors to making decisions independent of the type of recognition objects. The efficiencies of various types of basic features used for image coding, including the Haar features, the LBP features, and the modified Census transformation are compared. A combination of the modified methods is used for constructing 11 types of detectors of the number of railway carriages and for recognizing digits from zero to nine. The efficiency of the constructed detectors is studied. 
### 6.Revisiting Point Cloud Classification: A New Benchmark Dataset and Classification Model on Real-World Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04616.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques for point cloud data have demonstrated great potentials in solving classical problems in 3D computer vision such as 3D object classification and segmentation. Several recent 3D object classification methods have reported state-of-the-art performance on CAD model datasets such as ModelNet40 with high accuracy (~92%). Despite such impressive results, in this paper, we argue that object classification is still a challenging task when objects are framed with real-world settings. To prove this, we introduce ScanObjectNN, a new real-world point cloud object dataset based on scanned indoor scene data. From our comprehensive benchmark, we show that our dataset poses great challenges to existing point cloud classification techniques as objects from real-world scans are often cluttered with background and/or are partial due to occlusions. We identify three key open problems for point cloud object classification, and propose new point cloud classification neural networks that achieve state-of-the-art performance on classifying objects with cluttered background. Our dataset and code are publicly available in our project page <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hkust-vgd.github.io/scanobjectnn/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 7.Is This The Right Place? Geometric-Semantic Pose Verification for Indoor Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04598.pdf)
>  Visual localization in large and complex indoor scenes, dominated by weakly textured rooms and repeating geometric patterns, is a challenging problem with high practical relevance for applications such as Augmented Reality and robotics. To handle the ambiguities arising in this scenario, a common strategy is, first, to generate multiple estimates for the camera pose from which a given query image was taken. The pose with the largest geometric consistency with the query image, e.g., in the form of an inlier count, is then selected in a second stage. While a significant amount of research has concentrated on the first stage, there is considerably less work on the second stage. In this paper, we thus focus on pose verification. We show that combining different modalities, namely appearance, geometry, and semantics, considerably boosts pose verification and consequently pose accuracy. We develop multiple hand-crafted as well as a trainable approach to join into the geometric-semantic verification and show significant improvements over state-of-the-art on a very challenging indoor dataset. 
### 8.Three Branches: Detecting Actions With Richer Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04519.pdf)
>  We present our three branch solutions for International Challenge on Activity Recognition at CVPR2019. This model seeks to fuse richer information of global video clip, short human attention and long-term human activity into a unified model. We have participated in two tasks: Task A, the Kinetics challenge and Task B, spatio-temporal action localization challenge. For Kinetics, we achieve 21.59% error rate. For the AVA challenge, our final model obtains 32.49% mAP on the test sets, which outperforms all submissions to the AVA challenge at CVPR 2018 for more than 10% mAP. As the future work, we will introduce human activity knowledge, which is a new dataset including key information of human activity. 
### 9.Interpolated Convolutional Networks for 3D Point Cloud Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04512.pdf)
>  Point cloud is an important type of 3D representation. However, directly applying convolutions on point clouds is challenging due to the sparse, irregular and unordered data structure. In this paper, we propose a novel Interpolated Convolution operation, InterpConv, to tackle the point cloud feature learning and understanding problem. The key idea is to utilize a set of discrete kernel weights and interpolate point features to neighboring kernel-weight coordinates by an interpolation function for convolution. A normalization term is introduced to handle neighborhoods of different sparsity levels. Our InterpConv is shown to be permutation and sparsity invariant, and can directly handle irregular inputs. We further design Interpolated Convolutional Neural Networks (InterpCNNs) based on InterpConv layers to handle point cloud recognition tasks including shape classification, object part segmentation and indoor scene semantic parsing. Experiments show that the networks can capture both fine-grained local structures and global shape context information effectively. The proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on public benchmarks including ModelNet40, ShapeNet Parts and S3DIS. 
### 10.Boosted GAN with Semantically Interpretable Information for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04503.pdf)
>  Image inpainting aims at restoring missing region of corrupted images, which has many applications such as image restoration and object removal. However, current GAN-based inpainting models fail to explicitly consider the semantic consistency between restored images and original images. Forexample, given a male image with image region of one eye missing, current models may restore it with a female eye. This is due to the ambiguity of GAN-based inpainting models: these models can generate many possible restorations given a missing region. To address this limitation, our key insight is that semantically interpretable information (such as attribute and segmentation information) of input images (with missing regions) can provide essential guidance for the inpainting process. Based on this insight, we propose a boosted GAN with semantically interpretable information for image inpainting that consists of an inpainting network and a discriminative network. The inpainting network utilizes two auxiliary pretrained networks to discover the attribute and segmentation information of input images and incorporates them into the inpainting process to provide explicit semantic-level guidance. The discriminative network adopts a multi-level design that can enforce regularizations not only on overall realness but also on attribute and segmentation consistency with the original images. Experimental results show that our proposed model can preserve consistency on both attribute and segmentation level, and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models. 
### 11.Frame-to-Frame Aggregation of Active Regions in Web Videos for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04501.pdf)
>  When a deep neural network is trained on data with only image-level labeling, the regions activated in each image tend to identify only a small region of the target object. We propose a method of using videos automatically harvested from the web to identify a larger region of the target object by using temporal information, which is not present in the static image. The temporal variations in a video allow different regions of the target object to be activated. We obtain an activated region in each frame of a video, and then aggregate the regions from successive frames into a single image, using a warping technique based on optical flow. The resulting localization maps cover more of the target object, and can then be used as proxy ground-truth to train a segmentation network. This simple approach outperforms existing methods under the same level of supervision, and even approaches relying on extra annotations. Based on VGG-16 and ResNet 101 backbones, our method achieves the mIoU of 65.0 and 67.4, respectively, on PASCAL VOC 2012 test images, which represents a new state-of-the-art. 
### 12.Few Labeled Atlases are Necessary for Deep-Learning-Based Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04466.pdf)
>  We tackle biomedical image segmentation in the scenario of only a few labeled brain MR images. This is an important and challenging task in medical applications, where manual annotations are time-consuming. Classical multi-atlas based anatomical segmentation methods use image registration to warp segments from labeled images onto a new scan. These approaches have traditionally required significant runtime, but recent learning-based registration methods promise substantial runtime improvement. In a different paradigm, supervised learning-based segmentation strategies have gained popularity. These methods have consistently used relatively large sets of labeled training data, and their behavior in the regime of a few labeled images has not been thoroughly evaluated. In this work, we provide two important results for anatomical segmentation in the scenario where few labeled images are available. First, we propose a straightforward implementation of efficient semi-supervised learning-based registration method, which we showcase in a multi-atlas segmentation framework. Second, through a thorough empirical study, we evaluate the performance of a supervised segmentation approach, where the training images are augmented via random deformations. Surprisingly, we find that in both paradigms, accurate segmentation is generally possible even in the context of few labeled images. 
### 13.Learning Target-oriented Dual Attention for Robust RGB-T Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04441.pdf)
>  RGB-Thermal object tracking attempt to locate target object using complementary visual and thermal infrared data. Existing RGB-T trackers fuse different modalities by robust feature representation learning or adaptive modal weighting. However, how to integrate dual attention mechanism for visual tracking is still a subject that has not been studied yet. In this paper, we propose two visual attention mechanisms for robust RGB-T object tracking. Specifically, the local attention is implemented by exploiting the common visual attention of RGB and thermal data to train deep classifiers. We also introduce the global attention, which is a multi-modal target-driven attention estimation network. It can provide global proposals for the classifier together with local proposals extracted from previous tracking result. Extensive experiments on two RGB-T benchmark datasets validated the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm. 
### 14.Point-Based Multi-View Stereo Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04422.pdf)
>  We introduce Point-MVSNet, a novel point-based deep framework for multi-view stereo (MVS). Distinct from existing cost volume approaches, our method directly processes the target scene as point clouds. More specifically, our method predicts the depth in a coarse-to-fine manner. We first generate a coarse depth map, convert it into a point cloud and refine the point cloud iteratively by estimating the residual between the depth of the current iteration and that of the ground truth. Our network leverages 3D geometry priors and 2D texture information jointly and effectively by fusing them into a feature-augmented point cloud, and processes the point cloud to estimate the 3D flow for each point. This point-based architecture allows higher accuracy, more computational efficiency and more flexibility than cost-volume-based counterparts. Experimental results show that our approach achieves a significant improvement in reconstruction quality compared with state-of-the-art methods on the DTU and the Tanks and Temples dataset. Our source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/callmeray/PointMVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 15.Face Recognition in Unconstrained Conditions: A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04404.pdf)
>  Face recognition is a biometric which is attracting significant research, commercial and government interest, as it provides a discreet, non-intrusive way of detecting, and recognizing individuals, without need for the subject's knowledge or consent. This is due to reduced cost, and evolution in hardware and algorithms which have improved their ability to handle unconstrained conditions. Evidently affordable and efficient applications are required. However, there is much debate over which methods are most appropriate, particularly in the context of the growing importance of deep neural network-based face recognition systems. This systematic review attempts to provide clarity on both issues by organizing the plethora of research and data in this field to clarify current research trends, state-of-the-art methods, and provides an outline of their benefits and shortcomings. Overall, this research covered 1,330 relevant studies, showing an increase of over 200% in research interest in the field of face recognition over the past 6 years. Our results also demonstrated that deep learning methods are the prime focus of modern research due to improvements in hardware databases and increasing understanding of neural networks. In contrast, traditional methods have lost favor amongst researchers due to their inherent limitations in accuracy, and lack of efficiency when handling large amounts of data. 
### 16.Challenge of Spatial Cognition for Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04396.pdf)
>  Given the success of the deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) in applications of visual recognition and classification, it would be tantalizing to test if DCNNs can also learn spatial concepts, such as straightness, convexity, left/right, front/back, relative size, aspect ratio, polygons, etc., from varied visual examples of these concepts that are simple and yet vital for spatial reasoning. Much to our dismay, extensive experiments of the type of cognitive psychology demonstrate that the data-driven deep learning (DL) cannot see through superficial variations in visual representations and grasp the spatial concept in abstraction. The root cause of failure turns out to be the learning methodology, not the computational model of the neural network itself. By incorporating task-specific convolutional kernels, we are able to construct DCNNs for spatial cognition tasks that can generalize to input images not drawn from the same distribution of the training set. This work raises a precaution that without manually-incorporated priors or features DCCNs may fail spatial cognitive tasks at rudimentary level. 
### 17.Fine-Tuning Models Comparisons on Garbage Classification for Recyclability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04393.pdf)
>  In this study, it is aimed to develop a deep learning application which detects types of garbage into trash in order to provide recyclability with vision system. Training and testing will be performed with image data consisting of several classes on different garbage types. The data set used during training and testing will be generated from original frames taken from garbage images. The data set used for deep learning structures has a total of 2527 images with 6 different classes. Half of these images in the data set were used for training process and remaining part were used for testing procedure. Also, transfer learning was used to obtain shorter training and test procedures with and higher accuracy. As fine-tuned models, Alexnet, VGG16, Googlenet and Resnet structures were carried. In order to test performance of classifiers, two different classifiers are used as Softmax and Support Vector Machines. 6 different type of trash images were correctly classified the highest accuracy with GoogleNet+SVM as 97.86%. 
### 18.Deep Learning for Detecting Building Defects Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04392.pdf)
>  Clients are increasingly looking for fast and effective means to quickly and frequently survey and communicate the condition of their buildings so that essential repairs and maintenance work can be done in a proactive and timely manner before it becomes too dangerous and expensive. Traditional methods for this type of work commonly comprise of engaging building surveyors to undertake a condition assessment which involves a lengthy site inspection to produce a systematic recording of the physical condition of the building elements, including cost estimates of immediate and projected long-term costs of renewal, repair and maintenance of the building. Current asset condition assessment procedures are extensively time consuming, laborious, and expensive and pose health and safety threats to surveyors, particularly at height and roof levels which are difficult to access. This paper aims at evaluating the application of convolutional neural networks (CNN) towards an automated detection and localisation of key building defects, e.g., mould, deterioration, and stain, from images. The proposed model is based on pre-trained CNN classifier of VGG-16 (later compaired with ResNet-50, and Inception models), with class activation mapping (CAM) for object localisation. The challenges and limitations of the model in real-life applications have been identified. The proposed model has proven to be robust and able to accurately detect and localise building defects. The approach is being developed with the potential to scale-up and further advance to support automated detection of defects and deterioration of buildings in real-time using mobile devices and drones. 
### 19.Local Supports Global: Deep Camera Relocalization with Sequence Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04391.pdf)
>  We propose to leverage the local information in image sequences to support global camera relocalization. In contrast to previous methods that regress global poses from single images, we exploit the spatial-temporal consistency in sequential images to alleviate uncertainty due to visual ambiguities by incorporating a visual odometry (VO) component. Specifically, we introduce two effective steps called content-augmented pose estimation and motion-based refinement. The content-augmentation step focuses on alleviating the uncertainty of pose estimation by augmenting the observation based on the co-visibility in local maps built by the VO stream. Besides, the motion-based refinement is formulated as a pose graph, where the camera poses are further optimized by adopting relative poses provided by the VO component as additional motion constraints. Thus, the global consistency can be guaranteed. Experiments on the public indoor 7-Scenes and outdoor Oxford RobotCar benchmark datasets demonstrate that benefited from local information inherent in the sequence, our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods, especially in some challenging cases, e.g., insufficient texture, highly repetitive textures, similar appearances, and over-exposure. 
### 20.Difficulty Classification of Mountainbike Downhill Trails utilizing Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04390.pdf)
>  The difficulty of mountainbike downhill trails is a subjective perception. However, sports-associations and mountainbike park operators attempt to group trails into different levels of difficulty with scales like the Singletrail-Skala (S0-S5) or colored scales (blue, red, black, ...) as proposed by The International Mountain Bicycling Association. Inconsistencies in difficulty grading occur due to the various scales, different people grading the trails, differences in topography, and more. We propose an end-to-end deep learning approach to classify trails into three difficulties easy, medium, and hard by using sensor data. With mbientlab Meta Motion r0.2 sensor units, we record accelerometer- and gyroscope data of one rider on multiple trail segments. A 2D convolutional neural network is trained with a stacked and concatenated representation of the aforementioned data as its input. We run experiments with five different sample- and five different kernel sizes and achieve a maximum Sparse Categorical Accuracy of 0.9097. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work targeting computational difficulty classification of mountainbike downhill trails. 
### 21.NeuroMask: Explaining Predictions of Deep Neural Networks through Mask Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04389.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) deliver state-of-the-art performance in many image recognition and understanding applications. However, despite their outstanding performance, these models are black-boxes and it is hard to understand how they make their decisions. Over the past few years, researchers have studied the problem of providing explanations of why DNNs predicted their results. However, existing techniques are either obtrusive, requiring changes in model training, or suffer from low output quality. In this paper, we present a novel method, NeuroMask, for generating an interpretable explanation of classification model results. When applied to image classification models, NeuroMask identifies the image parts that are most important to classifier results by applying a mask that hides/reveals different parts of the image, before feeding it back into the model. The mask values are tuned by minimizing a properly designed cost function that preserves the classification result and encourages producing an interpretable mask. Experiments using state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Networks for image recognition on different datasets (CIFAR-10 and ImageNet) show that NeuroMask successfully localizes the parts of the input image which are most relevant to the DNN decision. By showing a visual quality comparison between NeuroMask explanations and those of other methods, we find NeuroMask to be both accurate and interpretable. 
### 22.Detecting semantic anomalies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04388.pdf)
>  We critically appraise the recent interest in out-of-distribution (OOD) detection, questioning the practical relevance of existing benchmarks. While the currently prevalent trend is to consider different datasets as OOD, we posit that out-distributions of practical interest are ones where the distinction is semantic in nature, and evaluative tasks should reflect this more closely. Assuming a context of computer vision object recognition problems, we then recommend a set of benchmarks which we motivate by referencing practical applications of anomaly detection. Finally, we explore a multi-task learning based approach which suggests that auxiliary objectives for improved semantic awareness can result in improved semantic anomaly detection, with accompanying generalization benefits. 
### 23.Mass Estimation from Images using Deep Neural Network and Sparse Ground Truth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04387.pdf)
>  Supervised learning is the workhorse for regression and classification tasks, but the standard approach presumes ground truth for every measurement. In real world applications, limitations due to expense or general in-feasibility due to the specific application are common. In the context of agriculture applications, yield monitoring is one such example where simple-physics based measurements such as volume or force-impact have been used to quantify mass flow, which incur error due to sensor calibration. By utilizing semi-supervised deep learning with gradient aggregation and a sequence of images, in this work it is shown we can accurate estimate a physical quantity (mass) with complex data structures and sparse ground truth. Using a vision system capturing images of a sugarcane elevator and running bamboo under controlled testing as a surrogate material to harvesting sugarcane, mass is accurately predicted from images by training a DNN using only final load weights. The DNN succeeds in capturing the complex density physics of random stacking of slender rods internally as part of the mass prediction model, and surpasses older volumetric-based methods for mass prediction. Furthermore, by incorporating knowledge about the system physics through the DNN architecture and penalty terms, improvements in prediction accuracy and stability, as well as faster learning are obtained. It is shown that the classic nonlinear regression optimization can be reformulated with an aggregation term with some independence assumptions to achieve this feat. Since the number of images for any given run are too large to fit on many GPUs, an implementation is shown that compensates for the limited memory but still achieve fast training times. The same approach presented herein could be applied to other applications like yield monitoring on grain combines or other harvesters using vision or other instrumentation. 
### 24.Detection of the Group of Traffic Signs with Central Slice Theorem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04386.pdf)
>  Our sensor system consists of a combination of Photonic Mixer Device - PMD and Mono optical cameras. Some traffic signs have stripes at 45{deg}. These traffic signs cancel different restrictions on the road. We detect this class of signs with Radon transformation. Here the Radon transformation is calculated using Central Slice Theorem. We approximate the slice of spectrum by the Discrete Cosine Transformation (DCT). 
### 25.OD-GCN object detection by knowledge graph with GCN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04385.pdf)
>  Classical object detection frameworks lack of utilizing objects' surrounding information. In this article, we introduce the graph convolutional networks (GCN) into the object detection, and propose a new framework called OD-GCN (object detection with graph convolutional network). It utilizes the category relationship to improve the detection precision. We set up a knowledge graph to reflect the co-exist relationships among objects. GCN plays the role of post-processing to adjust the output of base object detection models. It is a flexible framework that any pre-trained object detection models can be used as the base model. In the experiments, we try several popular base detection models, OD-GCN always improve mAP by 1-5 pp in COCO dataset. In addition, visualized analysis reveals the benchmark improvement is quite logical in human's opinion. 
### 26.An Unsupervised, Iterative N-Dimensional Point-Set Registration Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04384.pdf)
>  An unsupervised, iterative point-set registration algorithm for an unlabeled (i.e. correspondence between points is unknown) N-dimensional Euclidean point-cloud is proposed. It is based on linear least squares, and considers all possible point pairings and iteratively aligns the two sets until the number of point pairs does not exceed the maximum number of allowable one-to-one pairings. 
### 27.Apache Spark Accelerated Deep Learning Inference for Large Scale Satellite Image Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04383.pdf)
>  The shear volumes of data generated from earth observation and remote sensing technologies continue to make major impact; leaping key geospatial applications into the dual data and compute intensive era. As a consequence, this rapid advancement poses new computational and data processing challenges. We implement a novel remote sensing data flow (RESFlow) for advanced machine learning and computing with massive amounts of remotely sensed imagery. The core contribution is partitioning massive amount of data based on the spectral and semantic characteristics for distributed imagery analysis. RESFlow takes advantage of both a unified analytics engine for large-scale data processing and the availability of modern computing hardware to harness the acceleration of deep learning inference on expansive remote sensing imagery. The framework incorporates a strategy to optimize resource utilization across multiple executors assigned to a single worker. We showcase its deployment across computationally and data-intensive on pixel-level labeling workloads. The pipeline invokes deep learning inference at three stages; during deep feature extraction, deep metric mapping, and deep semantic segmentation. The tasks impose compute intensive and GPU resource sharing challenges motivating for a parallelized pipeline for all execution steps. By taking advantage of Apache Spark, Nvidia DGX1, and DGX2 computing platforms, we demonstrate unprecedented compute speed-ups for deep learning inference on pixel labeling workloads; processing 21,028~Terrabytes of imagery data and delivering an output maps at area rate of <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://5.245sq.km/sec" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>, amounting to 453,168 <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://sq.km/day" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> - reducing a 28 day workload to 21~hours. 
### 28.MULAN: Multitask Universal Lesion Analysis Network for Joint Lesion Detection, Tagging, and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04373.pdf)
>  When reading medical images such as a computed tomography (CT) scan, radiologists generally search across the image to find lesions, characterize and measure them, and then describe them in the radiological report. To automate this process, we propose a multitask universal lesion analysis network (MULAN) for joint detection, tagging, and segmentation of lesions in a variety of body parts, which greatly extends existing work of single-task lesion analysis on specific body parts. MULAN is based on an improved Mask R-CNN framework with three head branches and a 3D feature fusion strategy. It achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy in the detection and tagging tasks on the DeepLesion dataset, which contains 32K lesions in the whole body. We also analyze the relationship between the three tasks and show that tag predictions can improve detection accuracy via a score refinement layer. 
### 29.Action Recognition in Untrimmed Videos with Composite Self-Attention Two-Stream Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04353.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of deep learning algorithms, action recognition in video has achieved many important research results. Without requiring any positive examples to classify new categories, Zero-Shot Action Recognition (ZSAR) has recently attracted considerable attention. Another difficulty in action recognition is that untrimmed data may seriously affect model performance. We propose a composite two-stream framework with a pre-trained model. Our proposed framework includes a classifier branch and a composite feature branch. The graph network model is adopted in each of the two branches, which effectively improves the feature extraction and reasoning ability of the framework. In the composite feature branch, a 3-channel self-attention models are constructed to weight each frame in the video and give more attention to the key frames. Each self-attention models channel outputs a set of attention weights to focus on a particular aspect of the video, and a set of attention weights corresponds to a one-dimensional vector. The 3-channel self-attention models can evaluate key frames from multiple aspects, and the output sets of attention weight vectors form an attention matrix, which effectively enhances the attention of key frames with strong correlation of action. This model can implement action recognition under zero-shot conditions, and has good recognition performance for untrimmed video data. Experimental results on relevant data sets confirm the validity of our model. 
### 30.Explaining Convolutional Neural Networks using Softmax Gradient Layer-wise Relevance Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04351.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have become state-of-the-art in the field of image classification. However, not everything is understood about their inner representations. This paper tackles the interpretability and explainability of the predictions of CNNs for multi-class classification problems. Specifically, we propose a novel visualization method of pixel-wise input attribution called Softmax-Gradient Layer-wise Relevance Propagation (SGLRP). The proposed model is a class discriminate extension to Deep Taylor Decomposition (DTD) using the gradient of softmax to back propagate the relevance of the output probability to the input image. Through qualitative and quantitative analysis, we demonstrate that SGLRP can successfully localize and attribute the regions on input images which contribute to a target object's classification. We show that the proposed method excels at discriminating the target objects class from the other possible objects in the images. We confirm that SGLRP performs better than existing Layer-wise Relevance Propagation (LRP) based methods and can help in the understanding of the decision process of CNNs. 
### 31.A fast multi-object tracking system using an object detector ensemble  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04349.pdf)
>  Multiple-Object Tracking (MOT) is of crucial importance for applications such as retail video analytics and video surveillance. Object detectors are often the computational bottleneck of modern MOT systems, limiting their use for real-time applications. In this paper, we address this issue by leveraging on an ensemble of detectors, each running every f frames. We measured the performance of our system in the MOT16 benchmark. The proposed model surpassed other online entries of the MOT16 challenge in speed, while maintaining an acceptable accuracy. 
### 32.What's in the box? Explaining the black-box model through an evaluation of its interpretable features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04348.pdf)
>  Algorithms are powerful and necessary tools behind a large part of the information we use every day. However, they may introduce new sources of bias, discrimination and other unfair practices that affect people who are unaware of it. Greater algorithm transparency is indispensable to provide more credible and reliable services. Moreover, requiring developers to design transparent algorithm-driven applications allows them to keep the model accessible and human understandable, increasing the trust of end users. In this paper we present EBAnO, a new engine able to produce prediction-local explanations for a black-box model exploiting interpretable feature perturbations. EBAnO exploits the hypercolumns representation together with the cluster analysis to identify a set of interpretable features of images. Furthermore two indices have been proposed to measure the influence of input features on the final prediction made by a CNN model. EBAnO has been preliminarily tested on a set of heterogeneous images. The results highlight the effectiveness of EBAnO in explaining the CNN classification through the evaluation of interpretable features influence. 
### 33.Enforcing Perceptual Consistency on Generative Adversarial Networks by Using the Normalised Laplacian Pyramid Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04347.pdf)
>  In recent years there has been a growing interest in image generation through deep learning. While an important part of the evaluation of the generated images usually involves visual inspection, the inclusion of human perception as a factor in the training process is often overlooked. In this paper we propose an alternative perceptual regulariser for image-to-image translation using conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs). To do so automatically (avoiding visual inspection), we use the Normalised Laplacian Pyramid Distance (NLPD) to measure the perceptual similarity between the generated image and the original image. The NLPD is based on the principle of normalising the value of coefficients with respect to a local estimate of mean energy at different scales and has already been successfully tested in different experiments involving human perception. We compare this regulariser with the originally proposed L1 distance and note that when using NLPD the generated images contain more realistic values for both local and global contrast. We found that using NLPD as a regulariser improves image segmentation accuracy on generated images as well as improving two no-reference image quality metrics. 
### 34.SkrGAN: Sketching-rendering Unconditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Medical Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04346.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have the capability of synthesizing images, which have been successfully applied to medical image synthesis tasks. However, most of existing methods merely consider the global contextual information and ignore the fine foreground structures, e.g., vessel, skeleton, which may contain diagnostic indicators for medical image analysis. Inspired by human painting procedure, which is composed of stroking and color rendering steps, we propose a Sketching-rendering Unconditional Generative Adversarial Network (SkrGAN) to introduce a sketch prior constraint to guide the medical image generation. In our SkrGAN, a sketch guidance module is utilized to generate a high quality structural sketch from random noise, then a color render mapping is used to embed the sketch-based representations and resemble the background appearances. Experimental results show that the proposed SkrGAN achieves the state-of-the-art results in synthesizing images for various image modalities, including retinal color fundus, X-Ray, Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). In addition, we also show that the performances of medical image segmentation method have been improved by using our synthesized images as data augmentation. 
### 35.Repetitive Reprediction Deep Decipher for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04345.pdf)
>  Most recent semi-supervised deep learning (deep SSL) methods used a similar paradigm: use network predictions to update pseudo-labels and use pseudo-labels to update network parameters iteratively. However, they lack theoretical support and can not explain why predictions are good candidates for pseudo-labels. In this paper, we propose a principled end-to-end framework named deep decipher (D2) for SSL. With the D2 framework, we prove that pseudo-labels are related to network predictions by an exponential link function, which gives a theoretical support for using predictions as pseudo-labels. Furthermore, we demonstrate that updating pseudo-labels by network predictions will make them uncertain. To mitigate this problem, we propose a training strategy called repetitive reprediction (R2). Finally, the proposed R2-D2 method is tested on the large-scale ImageNet dataset and outperforms state-of-the-art methods by $5\%$. 
### 36.AI Décor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04344.pdf)
>  Confused about renovating your space? Choosing the perfect color for your walls is always a challenging task. One does rounds of color consultation and several patch tests. This paper proposes an AI tool to pitch paint based on attributes of your room and other furniture, and visualize it on your walls. It makes the color selection process a whole lot easier. It basically takes in images of a room, detects furniture objects using YOLO object detection. Once these objects have been detected, the tool picks out color of the object. Later this object specific information gets appended to the room attributes (room_type, room_size, preferred_tone, etc) and a deep neural net is trained to make predictions for color/texture/wallpaper for the walls. Finally, these predictions are visualized on the walls from the images provided. The idea is to take the knowledge of a color consultant and pitch colors that suit the walls and provide a good contrast with the furniture and harmonize with different colors in the room. Transfer learning for YOLO object detection from the COCO dataset was used as a starting point and the weights were later fine-tuned by training on additional images. The model was trained on 1000 records listing the room and furniture attributes, to predict colors. Given the room image, this method finds the best color scheme for the walls. These predictions are then visualized on the walls in the image using image segmentation. The results are visually appealing and automatically enhance the color look-and-feel. 
### 37.Why Does a Visual Question Have Different Answers?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04342.pdf)
>  Visual question answering is the task of returning the answer to a question about an image. A challenge is that different people often provide different answers to the same visual question. To our knowledge, this is the first work that aims to understand why. We propose a taxonomy of nine plausible reasons, and create two labelled datasets consisting of ~45,000 visual questions indicating which reasons led to answer differences. We then propose a novel problem of predicting directly from a visual question which reasons will cause answer differences as well as a novel algorithm for this purpose. Experiments demonstrate the advantage of our approach over several related baselines on two diverse datasets. We publicly share the datasets and code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vizwiz.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Multi-timescale Trajectory Prediction for Abnormal Human Activity Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04321.pdf)
>  A classical approach to abnormal activity detection is to learn a representation for normal activities from the training data and then use this learned representation to detect abnormal activities while testing. Typically, the methods based on this approach operate at a fixed timescale - either a single time-instant (eg. frame-based) or a constant time duration (eg. video-clip based). But human abnormal activities can take place at different timescales. For example, jumping is a short term anomaly and loitering is a long term anomaly in a surveillance scenario. A single and pre-defined timescale is not enough to capture the wide range of anomalies occurring with different time duration. In this paper, we propose a multi-timescale model to capture the temporal dynamics at different timescales. In particular, the proposed model makes future and past predictions at different timescales for a given input pose trajectory. The model is multi-layered where intermediate layers are responsible to generate predictions corresponding to different timescales. These predictions are combined to detect abnormal activities. In addition, we also introduce an abnormal activity data-set for research use that contains 4,83,566 annotated frames. Data-set will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://rodrigues-royston.github.io/Multi-timescale_Trajectory_Prediction/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> Our experiments show that the proposed model can capture the anomalies of different time duration and outperforms existing methods. 
### 39.Super-resolution of Omnidirectional Images Using Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04297.pdf)
>  An omnidirectional image (ODI) enables viewers to look in every direction from a fixed point through a head-mounted display providing an immersive experience compared to that of a standard image. Designing immersive virtual reality systems with ODIs is challenging as they require high resolution content. In this paper, we study super-resolution for ODIs and propose an improved generative adversarial network based model which is optimized to handle the artifacts obtained in the spherical observational space. Specifically, we propose to use a fast PatchGAN discriminator, as it needs fewer parameters and improves the super-resolution at a fine scale. We also explore the generative models with adversarial learning by introducing a spherical-content specific loss function, called 360-SS. To train and test the performance of our proposed model we prepare a dataset of 4500 ODIs. Our results demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed method and identify new challenges in ODI super-resolution for future investigations. 
### 40.Multi-modality Latent Interaction Network for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04289.pdf)
>  Exploiting relationships between visual regions and question words have achieved great success in learning multi-modality features for Visual Question Answering (VQA). However, we argue that existing methods mostly model relations between individual visual regions and words, which are not enough to correctly answer the question. From humans' perspective, answering a visual question requires understanding the summarizations of visual and language information. In this paper, we proposed the Multi-modality Latent Interaction module (MLI) to tackle this problem. The proposed module learns the cross-modality relationships between latent visual and language summarizations, which summarize visual regions and question into a small number of latent representations to avoid modeling uninformative individual region-word relations. The cross-modality information between the latent summarizations are propagated to fuse valuable information from both modalities and are used to update the visual and word features. Such MLI modules can be stacked for several stages to model complex and latent relations between the two modalities and achieves highly competitive performance on public VQA benchmarks, VQA v2.0 and TDIUC . In addition, we show that the performance of our methods could be significantly improved by combining with pre-trained language model BERT. 
### 41.Graph Embedding Using Infomax for ASD Classification and Brain Functional Difference Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04769.pdf)
>  Significant progress has been made using fMRI to characterize the brain changes that occur in ASD, a complex neuro-developmental disorder. However, due to the high dimensionality and low signal-to-noise ratio of fMRI, embedding informative and robust brain regional fMRI representations for both graph-level classification and region-level functional difference detection tasks between ASD and healthy control (HC) groups is difficult. Here, we model the whole brain fMRI as a graph, which preserves geometrical and temporal information and use a Graph Neural Network (GNN) to learn from the graph-structured fMRI data. We investigate the potential of including mutual information (MI) loss (Infomax), which is an unsupervised term encouraging large MI of each nodal representation and its corresponding graph-level summarized representation to learn a better graph embedding. Specifically, this work developed a pipeline including a GNN encoder, a classifier and a discriminator, which forces the encoded nodal representations to both benefit classification and reveal the common nodal patterns in a graph. We simultaneously optimize graph-level classification loss and Infomax. We demonstrated that Infomax graph embedding improves classification performance as a regularization term. Furthermore, we found separable nodal representations of ASD and HC groups in prefrontal cortex, cingulate cortex, visual regions, and other social, emotional and execution related brain regions. In contrast with GNN with classification loss only, the proposed pipeline can facilitate training more robust ASD classification models. Moreover, the separable nodal representations can detect the functional differences between the two groups and contribute to revealing new ASD biomarkers. 
### 42.Deep Learning-Based Quantification of Pulmonary Hemosiderophages in Cytology Slides  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04767.pdf)
>  Purpose: Exercise-induced pulmonary hemorrhage (EIPH) is a common syndrome in sport horses with negative impact on performance. Cytology of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid by use of a scoring system is considered the most sensitive diagnostic method. Macrophages are classified depending on the degree of cytoplasmic hemosiderin content. The current gold standard is manual grading, which is however monotonous and time-consuming. Methods: We evaluated state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods for single cell macrophage classification and compared them against the performance of nine cytology experts and evaluated inter- and intra-observer variability. Additionally, we evaluated object detection methods on a novel data set of 17 completely annotated cytology whole slide images (WSI) containing 78,047 hemosiderophages. Resultsf: Our deep learning-based approach reached a concordance of 0.85, partially exceeding human expert concordance (0.68 to 0.86, $\mu$=0.73, $\sigma$ =0.04). Intra-observer variability was high (0.68 to 0.88) and inter-observer concordance was moderate (Fleiss kappa = 0.67). Our object detection approach has a mean average precision of 0.66 over the five classes from the whole slide gigapixel image and a computation time of below two minutes. Conclusion: To mitigate the high inter- and intra-rater variability, we propose our automated object detection pipeline, enabling accurate, reproducible and quick EIPH scoring in WSI. 
### 43.Generalizing Deep Whole Brain Segmentation for Pediatric and Post-Contrast MRI with Augmented Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04702.pdf)
>  Generalizability is an important problem in deep neural networks, especially in the context of the variability of data acquisition in clinical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Recently, the Spatially Localized Atlas Network Tiles (SLANT) approach has been shown to effectively segment whole brain non-contrast T1w MRI with 132 volumetric labels. Enhancing generalizability of SLANT would enable broader application of volumetric assessment in multi-site studies. Transfer learning (TL) is commonly used to update the neural network weights for local factors; yet, it is commonly recognized to risk degradation of performance on the original validation/test cohorts. Here, we explore TL by data augmentation to address these concerns in the context of adapting SLANT to anatomical variation and scanning protocol. We consider two datasets: First, we optimize for age with 30 T1w MRI of young children with manually corrected volumetric labels, and accuracy of automated segmentation defined relative to the manually provided truth. Second, we optimize for acquisition with 36 paired datasets of pre- and post-contrast clinically acquired T1w MRI, and accuracy of the post-contrast segmentations assessed relative to the pre-contrast automated assessment. For both studies, we augment the original TL step of SLANT with either only the new data or with both original and new data. Over baseline SLANT, both approaches yielded significantly improved performance (signed rank tests; pediatric: 0.89 vs. 0.82 DSC, p&lt;0.001; contrast: 0.80 vs 0.76, p&lt;0.001). The performance on the original test set decreased with the new-data only transfer learning approach, so data augmentation was superior to strict transfer learning. 
### 44.Channel Decomposition on Generative Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04694.pdf)
>  This work presents a method to decompose a layer of the generative networks into the painting actions. To behave like the human painter, these actions are driven by the cost simulating the hand movement, the paint color change, the stroke shape and the stroking style. To help planning, the Mask R-CNN is applied to detect the object areas and decide the painting order. The proposed painting system introduces a variety of extensions in artistic styles, based on the chosen parameters. Further experiments are performed to evaluate the channel penetration and the channel sensitivity on the strokes. 
### 45.Incorporating Task-Specific Structural Knowledge into CNNs for Brain Midline Shift Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04568.pdf)
>  Midline shift (MLS) is a well-established factor used for outcome prediction in traumatic brain injury, stroke and brain tumors. The importance of automatic estimation of MLS was recently highlighted by ACR Data Science Institute. In this paper we introduce a novel deep learning based approach for the problem of MLS detection, which exploits task-specific structural knowledge. We evaluate our method on a large dataset containing heterogeneous images with significant MLS and show that its mean error approaches the inter-expert variability. Finally, we show the robustness of our approach by validating it on an external dataset, acquired during routine clinical practice. 
### 46.SDM-NET: Deep Generative Network for Structured Deformable Mesh  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04520.pdf)
>  We introduce SDM-NET, a deep generative neural network which produces structured deformable meshes. Specifically, the network is trained to generate a spatial arrangement of closed, deformable mesh parts, which respect the global part structure of a shape collection, e.g., chairs, airplanes, etc. Our key observation is that while the overall structure of a 3D shape can be complex, the shape can usually be decomposed into a set of parts, each homeomorphic to a box, and the finer-scale geometry of the part can be recovered by deforming the box. The architecture of SDM-NET is that of a two-level variational autoencoder (VAE). At the part level, a PartVAE learns a deformable model of part geometries. At the structural level, we train a Structured Parts VAE (SP-VAE), which jointly learns the part structure of a shape collection and the part geometries, ensuring a coherence between global shape structure and surface details. Through extensive experiments and comparisons with the state-of-the-art deep generative models of shapes, we demonstrate the superiority of SDM-NET in generating meshes with visual quality, flexible topology, and meaningful structures, which benefit shape interpolation and other subsequently modeling tasks. 
### 47.Collaborative Multi-agent Learning for MR Knee Articular Cartilage Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04469.pdf)
>  The 3D morphology and quantitative assessment of knee articular cartilages (i.e., femoral, tibial, and patellar cartilage) in magnetic resonance (MR) imaging is of great importance for knee radiographic osteoarthritis (OA) diagnostic decision making. However, effective and efficient delineation of all the knee articular cartilages in large-sized and high-resolution 3D MR knee data is still an open challenge. In this paper, we propose a novel framework to solve the MR knee cartilage segmentation task. The key contribution is the adversarial learning based collaborative multi-agent segmentation network. In the proposed network, we use three parallel segmentation agents to label cartilages in their respective region of interest (ROI), and then fuse the three cartilages by a novel ROI-fusion layer. The collaborative learning is driven by an adversarial sub-network. The ROI-fusion layer not only fuses the individual cartilages from multiple agents, but also backpropagates the training loss from the adversarial sub-network to each agent to enable joint learning of shape and spatial constraints. Extensive evaluations are conducted on a dataset including hundreds of MR knee volumes with diverse populations, and the proposed method shows superior performance. 
### 48.The Channel Attention based Context Encoder Network for Inner Limiting Membrane Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04413.pdf)
>  The optic disc segmentation is an important step for retinal image-based disease diagnosis such as glaucoma. The inner limiting membrane (ILM) is the first boundary in the OCT, which can help to extract the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) through gradient edge information to locate the boundary of the optic disc. Thus, the ILM layer segmentation is of great importance for optic disc localization. In this paper, we build a new optic disc centered dataset from 20 volunteers and manually annotated the ILM boundary in each OCT scan as ground-truth. We also propose a channel attention based context encoder network modified from the CE-Net to segment the optic disc. It mainly contains three phases: the encoder module, the channel attention based context encoder module, and the decoder module. Finally, we demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art disc segmentation performance on our dataset mentioned above. 
### 49.Adversarial Neural Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04355.pdf)
>  It is well known that neural networks are susceptible to adversarial perturbations and are also computationally and memory intensive which makes it difficult to deploy them in real-world applications where security and computation are constrained. In this work, we aim to obtain both robust and sparse networks that are applicable to such scenarios, based on the intuition that latent features have a varying degree of susceptibility to adversarial perturbations. Specifically, we define vulnerability at the latent feature space and then propose a Bayesian framework to prioritize features based on their contribution to both the original and adversarial loss, to prune vulnerable features and preserve the robust ones. Through quantitative evaluation and qualitative analysis of the perturbation to latent features, we show that our sparsification method is a defense mechanism against adversarial attacks and the robustness indeed comes from our model's ability to prune vulnerable latent features that are more susceptible to adversarial perturbations. 
### 50.Feature Partitioning for Efficient Multi-Task Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04339.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning holds the promise of less data, parameters, and time than training of separate models. We propose a method to automatically search over multi-task architectures while taking resource constraints into consideration. We propose a search space that compactly represents different parameter sharing strategies. This provides more effective coverage and sampling of the space of multi-task architectures. We also present a method for quick evaluation of different architectures by using feature distillation. Together these contributions allow us to quickly optimize for efficient multi-task models. We benchmark on Visual Decathlon, demonstrating that we can automatically search for and identify multi-task architectures that effectively make trade-offs between task resource requirements while achieving a high level of final performance. 
### 51.Deep Dexterous Grasping of Novel Objects from a Single View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04293.pdf)
>  Dexterous grasping of a novel object given a single view is an open problem. This paper makes several contributions to its solution. First, we present a simulator for generating and testing dexterous grasps. Second we present a data set, generated by this simulator, of 2.4 million simulated dexterous grasps of variations of 294 base objects drawn from 20 categories. Third, we present a basic architecture for generation and evaluation of dexterous grasps that may be trained in a supervised manner. Fourth, we present three different evaluative architectures, employing ResNet-50 or VGG16 as their visual backbone. Fifth, we train, and evaluate seventeen variants of generative-evaluative architectures on this simulated data set, showing improvement from 69.53% grasp success rate to 90.49%. Finally, we present a real robot implementation and evaluate the four most promising variants, executing 196 real robot grasps in total. We show that our best architectural variant achieves a grasp success rate of 87.8% on real novel objects seen from a single view, improving on a baseline of 57.1%. 
### 52.Convolutional Analysis Operator Learning: Acceleration and Convergence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.05584.pdf)
>  Convolutional operator learning is gaining attention in many signal processing and computer vision applications. Learning kernels has mostly relied on so-called patch-domain approaches that extract and store many overlapping patches across training signals. Due to memory demands, patch-domain methods have limitations when learning kernels from large datasets -- particularly with multi-layered structures, e.g., convolutional neural networks -- or when applying the learned kernels to high-dimensional signal recovery problems. The so-called convolution approach does not store many overlapping patches, and thus overcomes the memory problems particularly with careful algorithmic designs; it has been studied within the "synthesis" signal model, e.g., convolutional dictionary learning. This paper proposes a new convolutional analysis operator learning (CAOL) framework that learns an analysis sparsifying regularizer with the convolution perspective, and develops a new convergent Block Proximal Extrapolated Gradient method using a Majorizer (BPEG-M) to solve the corresponding block multi-nonconvex problems. To learn diverse filters within the CAOL framework, this paper introduces an orthogonality constraint that enforces a tight-frame filter condition, and a regularizer that promotes diversity between filters. Numerical experiments show that, with sharp majorizers, BPEG-M significantly accelerates the CAOL convergence rate compared to the state-of-the-art block proximal gradient (BPG) method. Numerical experiments for sparse-view computational tomography show that a convolutional sparsifying regularizer learned via CAOL significantly improves reconstruction quality compared to a conventional edge-preserving regularizer. Using more and wider kernels in a learned regularizer better preserves edges in reconstructed images. 
