# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 13 Aug 2019
### 1.Towards Deep Learning-Based EEG Electrode Detection Using Automatically Generated Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04186.pdf)
>  Electroencephalography (EEG) allows for source measurement of electrical brain activity. Particularly for inverse localization, the electrode positions on the scalp need to be known. Often, systems such as optical digitizing scanners are used for accurate localization with a stylus. However, the approach is time-consuming as each electrode needs to be scanned manually and the scanning systems are expensive. We propose using an RGBD camera to directly track electrodes in the images using deep learning methods. Studying and evaluating deep learning methods requires large amounts of labeled data. To overcome the time-consuming data annotation, we generate a large number of ground-truth labels using a robotic setup. We demonstrate that deep learning-based electrode detection is feasible with a mean absolute error of 5.69 +- 6.1mm and that our annotation scheme provides a useful environment for studying deep learning methods for electrode detection. 
### 2.Domain-Specific Embedding Network for Zero-Shot Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04174.pdf)
>  Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) seeks to recognize a sample from either seen or unseen domain by projecting the image data and semantic labels into a joint embedding space. However, most existing methods directly adapt a well-trained projection from one domain to another, thereby ignoring the serious bias problem caused by domain differences. To address this issue, we propose a novel Domain-Specific Embedding Network (DSEN) that can apply specific projections to different domains for unbiased embedding, as well as several domain constraints. In contrast to previous methods, the DSEN decomposes the domain-shared projection function into one domain-invariant and two domain-specific sub-functions to explore the similarities and differences between two domains. To prevent the two specific projections from breaking the semantic relationship, a semantic reconstruction constraint is proposed by applying the same decoder function to them in a cycle consistency way. Furthermore, a domain division constraint is developed to directly penalize the margin between real and pseudo image features in respective seen and unseen domains, which can enlarge the inter-domain difference of visual features. Extensive experiments on four public benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of DSEN with an average of $9.2\%$ improvement in terms of harmonic mean. The code is available in \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mboboGO/DSEN-for-GZSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 3.LIP: Local Importance-based Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04156.pdf)
>  Spatial downsampling layers are favored in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to downscale feature maps for larger receptive fields and less memory consumption. However, for discriminative tasks, there are possibilities that these layers lose the discriminative details due to improper pooling strategies, which could hinder the learning process and eventually result in suboptimal models. In this paper, we present a unified framework over the existing downsampling layers (e.g., average pooling, max pooling, and strided convolution) from a local importance perspective. In this framework, we analyze the problems of these widely-used pooling layers and figure out the criteria for designing an effective downsampling layer. According to this analysis, we propose a conceptually simple, general, and effective pooling layer based on local importance modeling, termed as Local Importance-based Pooling (LIP). LIP can automatically enhance discriminative features during the downsampling procedure by learning adaptive importance weights based on inputs in an end-to-end manner. Experiment results show that LIP consistently yields notable gains with different depths and different architectures on ImageNet classification. In the challenging MS COCO dataset, detectors with our LIP-ResNets as backbones obtain a consistent improvement ($\ge 1.4\%$) over plain ResNets, and especially achieve state-of-the-art performance in detecting small objects. 
### 4.Jointly Aligning Millions of Images with Deep Penalised Reconstruction Congealing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04130.pdf)
>  Extrapolating fine-grained pixel-level correspondences in a fully unsupervised manner from a large set of misaligned images can benefit several computer vision and graphics problems, e.g. co-segmentation, super-resolution, image edit propagation, structure-from-motion, and 3D reconstruction. Several joint image alignment and congealing techniques have been proposed to tackle this problem, but robustness to initialisation, ability to scale to large datasets, and alignment accuracy seem to hamper their wide applicability. To overcome these limitations, we propose an unsupervised joint alignment method leveraging a densely fused spatial transformer network to estimate the warping parameters for each image and a low-capacity auto-encoder whose reconstruction error is used as an auxiliary measure of joint alignment. Experimental results on digits from multiple versions of MNIST (i.e., original, perturbed, affNIST and infiMNIST) and faces from LFW, show that our approach is capable of aligning millions of images with high accuracy and robustness to different levels and types of perturbation. Moreover, qualitative and quantitative results suggest that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches both in terms of alignment quality and robustness to initialisation. 
### 5.Enhanced 3D convolutional networks for crowd counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04121.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the leading defacto method for crowd counting. However, when dealing with video datasets, CNN-based methods still process each video frame independently, thus ignoring the powerful temporal information between consecutive frames. In this work, we propose a novel architecture termed as "temporal channel-aware" (TCA) block, which achieves the capability of exploiting the temporal interdependencies among video sequences. Specifically, we incorporate 3D convolution kernels to encode local spatio-temporal features. Furthermore, the global contextual information is encoded into modulation weights which adaptively recalibrate channel-aware feature responses. With the local and global context combined, the proposed block enhances the discriminative ability of the feature representations and contributes to more precise results in diverse scenes. By stacking TCA blocks together, we obtain the deep trainable architecture called enhanced 3D convolutional networks (E3D). The experiments on three benchmark datasets show that the proposed method delivers state-of-the-art performance. To verify the generality, an extended experiment is conducted on a vehicle dataset TRANCOS and our approach beats previous methods by large margins. 
### 6.Multimodal Unified Attention Networks for Vision-and-Language Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04107.pdf)
>  Learning an effective attention mechanism for multimodal data is important in many vision-and-language tasks that require a synergic understanding of both the visual and textual contents. Existing state-of-the-art approaches use co-attention models to associate each visual object (e.g., image region) with each textual object (e.g., query word). Despite the success of these co-attention models, they only model inter-modal interactions while neglecting intra-modal interactions. Here we propose a general `unified attention' model that simultaneously captures the intra- and inter-modal interactions of multimodal features and outputs their corresponding attended representations. By stacking such unified attention blocks in depth, we obtain the deep Multimodal Unified Attention Network (MUAN), which can seamlessly be applied to the visual question answering (VQA) and visual grounding tasks. We evaluate our MUAN models on two VQA datasets and three visual grounding datasets, and the results show that MUAN achieves top-level performance on both tasks without bells and whistles. 
### 7.Explicit Shape Encoding for Real-Time Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04067.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel top-down instance segmentation framework based on explicit shape encoding, named \textbf{ESE-Seg}. It largely reduces the computational consumption of the instance segmentation by explicitly decoding the multiple object shapes with tensor operations, thus performs the instance segmentation at almost the same speed as the object detection. ESE-Seg is based on a novel shape signature Inner-center Radius (IR), Chebyshev polynomial fitting and the strong modern object detectors. ESE-Seg with YOLOv3 outperforms the Mask R-CNN on Pascal VOC 2012 at mAP$^r$@0.5 while 7 times faster. 
### 8.Sentence Specified Dynamic Video Thumbnail Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04052.pdf)
>  With the tremendous growth of videos over the Internet, video thumbnails, providing video content previews, are becoming increasingly crucial to influencing users' online searching experiences. Conventional video thumbnails are generated once purely based on the visual characteristics of videos, and then displayed as requested. Hence, such video thumbnails, without considering the users' searching intentions, cannot provide a meaningful snapshot of the video contents that users concern. In this paper, we define a distinctively new task, namely sentence specified dynamic video thumbnail generation, where the generated thumbnails not only provide a concise preview of the original video contents but also dynamically relate to the users' searching intentions with semantic correspondences to the users' query sentences. To tackle such a challenging task, we propose a novel graph convolved video thumbnail pointer (GTP). Specifically, GTP leverages a sentence specified video graph convolutional network to model both the sentence-video semantic interaction and the internal video relationships incorporated with the sentence information, based on which a temporal conditioned pointer network is then introduced to sequentially generate the sentence specified video thumbnails. Moreover, we annotate a new dataset based on ActivityNet Captions for the proposed new task, which consists of 10,000+ video-sentence pairs with each accompanied by an annotated sentence specified video thumbnail. We demonstrate that our proposed GTP outperforms several baseline methods on the created dataset, and thus believe that our initial results along with the release of the new dataset will inspire further research on sentence specified dynamic video thumbnail generation. Dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yytzsy/GTP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.Semi-Supervised Video Salient Object Detection Using Pseudo-Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04051.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based video salient object detection has recently achieved great success with its performance significantly outperforming any other unsupervised methods. However, existing data-driven approaches heavily rely on a large quantity of pixel-wise annotated video frames to deliver such promising results. In this paper, we address the semi-supervised video salient object detection task using pseudo-labels. Specifically, we present an effective video saliency detector that consists of a spatial refinement network and a spatiotemporal module. Based on the same refinement network and motion information in terms of optical flow, we further propose a novel method for generating pixel-level pseudo-labels from sparsely annotated frames. By utilizing the generated pseudo-labels together with a part of manual annotations, our video saliency detector learns spatial and temporal cues for both contrast inference and coherence enhancement, thus producing accurate saliency maps. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed semi-supervised method even greatly outperforms all the state-of-the-art fully supervised methods across three public benchmarks of VOS, DAVIS, and FBMS. 
### 10.Is it Raining Outside? Detection of Rainfall using General-Purpose Surveillance Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04034.pdf)
>  In integrated surveillance systems based on visual cameras, the mitigation of adverse weather conditions is an active research topic. Within this field, rain removal algorithms have been developed that artificially remove rain streaks from images or video. In order to deploy such rain removal algorithms in a surveillance setting, one must detect if rain is present in the scene. In this paper, we design a system for the detection of rainfall by the use of surveillance cameras. We reimplement the former state-of-the-art method for rain detection and compare it against a modern CNN-based method by utilizing 3D convolutions. The two methods are evaluated on our new AAU Visual Rain Dataset (VIRADA) that consists of 215 hours of general-purpose surveillance video from two traffic crossings. The results show that the proposed 3D CNN outperforms the previous state-of-the-art method by a large margin on all metrics, for both of the traffic crossings. Finally, it is shown that the choice of region-of-interest has a large influence on performance when trying to generalize the investigated methods. The AAU VIRADA dataset and our implementation of the two rain detection algorithms are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bitbucket.org/aauvap/aau-virada" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 11.Self-supervised Data Bootstrapping for Deep Optical Character Recognition of Identity Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04027.pdf)
>  The essential task of verifying person identities at airports and national borders is very time consuming. To accelerate it, optical character recognition for identity documents (IDs) using dictionaries is not appropriate due to high variability of the text content in IDs, e.g., individual street names or surnames. Additionally, no properties of the used fonts in IDs are known. Therefore, we propose an iterative self-supervised bootstrapping approach using a smart strategy to mine real character data from IDs. In combination with synthetically generated character data, the real data is used to train efficient convolutional neural networks for character classification serving a practical runtime as well as a high accuracy. On a dataset with 74 character classes, we achieve an average class-wise accuracy of 99.4 %. In contrast, if we would apply a classifier trained only using synthetic data, the accuracy is reduced to 58.1 %. Finally, we show that our whole proposed pipeline outperforms an established open-source framework 
### 12.An overlapping-free leaf segmentation method for plant point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04018.pdf)
>  Automatic leaf segmentation, as well as identification and classification methods that built upon it, are able to provide immediate monitoring for plant growth status to guarantee the output. Although 3D plant point clouds contain abundant phenotypic features, plant leaves are usually distributed in clusters and are sometimes seriously overlapped in the canopy. Therefore, it is still a big challenge to automatically segment each individual leaf from a highly crowded plant canopy in 3D for plant phenotyping purposes. In this work, we propose an overlapping-free individual leaf segmentation method for plant point clouds using the 3D filtering and facet region growing. In order to separate leaves with different overlapping situations, we develop a new 3D joint filtering operator, which integrates a Radius-based Outlier Filter (RBOF) and a Surface Boundary Filter (SBF) to help to separate occluded leaves. By introducing the facet over-segmentation and facet-based region growing, the noise in segmentation is suppressed and labeled leaf centers can expand to their whole leaves, respectively. Our method can work on point clouds generated from three types of 3D imaging platforms, and also suitable for different kinds of plant species. In experiments, it obtains a point-level cover rate of 97% for Epipremnum aureum, 99% for Monstera deliciosa, 99% for Calathea makoyana, and 87% for Hedera nepalensis sample plants. At the leaf level, our method reaches an average Recall at 100.00%, a Precision at 99.33%, and an average F-measure at 99.66%, respectively. The proposed method can also facilitate the automatic traits estimation of each single leaf (such as the leaf area, length, and width), which has potential to become a highly effective tool for plant research and agricultural engineering. 
### 13.Variational Autoencoded Regression: High Dimensional Regression of Visual Data on Complex Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04015.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new high dimensional regression method by merging Gaussian process regression into a variational autoencoder framework. In contrast to other regression methods, the proposed method focuses on the case where output responses are on a complex high dimensional manifold, such as images. Our contributions are summarized as follows: (i) A new regression method estimating high dimensional image responses, which is not handled by existing regression algorithms, is proposed. (ii) The proposed regression method introduces a strategy to learn the latent space as well as the encoder and decoder so that the result of the regressed response in the latent space coincide with the corresponding response in the data space. (iii) The proposed regression is embedded into a generative model, and the whole procedure is developed by the variational autoencoder framework. We demonstrate the robustness and effectiveness of our method through a number of experiments on various visual data regression problems. 
### 14.Multi-Frame Content Integration with a Spatio-Temporal Attention Mechanism for Person Video Motion Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04013.pdf)
>  Existing person video generation methods either lack the flexibility in controlling both the appearance and motion, or fail to preserve detailed appearance and temporal consistency. In this paper, we tackle the problem of motion transfer for generating person videos, which provides controls on both the appearance and the motion. Specifically, we transfer the motion of one person in a target video to another person in a source video, while preserving the appearance of the source person. Besides only relying on one source frame as the existing state-of-the-art methods, our proposed method integrates information from multiple source frames based on a spatio-temporal attention mechanism to preserve rich appearance details. In addition to a spatial discriminator employed for encouraging the frame-level fidelity, a multi-range temporal discriminator is adopted to enforce the generated video to resemble temporal dynamics of a real video in various time ranges. A challenging real-world dataset, which contains about 500 dancing video clips with complex and unpredictable motions, is collected for the training and testing. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method can produce more photo-realistic and temporally consistent person videos than previous methods. As our method decomposes the syntheses of the foreground and background into two branches, a flexible background substitution application can also be achieved. 
### 15.Matching Images and Text with Multi-modal Tensor Fusion and Re-ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04011.pdf)
>  A major challenge in matching images and text is that they have intrinsically different data distributions and feature representations. Most existing approaches are based either on embedding or classification, the first one mapping image and text instances into a common embedding space for distance measuring, and the second one regarding image-text matching as a binary classification problem. Neither of these approaches can, however, balance the matching accuracy and model complexity well. We propose a novel framework that achieves remarkable matching performance with acceptable model complexity. Specifically, in the training stage, we propose a novel Multi-modal Tensor Fusion Network (MTFN) to explicitly learn an accurate image-text similarity function with rank-based tensor fusion rather than seeking a common embedding space for each image-text instance. Then, during testing, we deploy a generic Cross-modal Re-ranking (RR) scheme for refinement without requiring additional training procedure. Extensive experiments on two datasets demonstrate that our MTFN-RR consistently achieves the state-of-the-art matching performance with much less time complexity. The implementation code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Wangt-CN/MTFN-RR-PyTorch-Code" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 16.Dynamic Region Division for Adaptive Learning Pedestrian Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03978.pdf)
>  Accurate pedestrian counting algorithm is critical to eliminate insecurity in the congested public scenes. However, counting pedestrians in crowded scenes often suffer from severe perspective distortion. In this paper, basing on the straight-line double region pedestrian counting method, we propose a dynamic region division algorithm to keep the completeness of counting objects. Utilizing the object bounding boxes obtained by YoloV3 and expectation division line of the scene, the boundary for nearby region and distant one is generated under the premise of retaining whole head. Ulteriorly, appropriate learning models are applied to count pedestrians in each obtained region. In the distant region, a novel inception dilated convolutional neural network is proposed to solve the problem of choosing dilation rate. In the nearby region, YoloV3 is used for detecting the pedestrian in multi-scale. Accordingly, the total number of pedestrians in each frame is obtained by fusing the result in nearby and distant regions. A typical subway pedestrian video dataset is chosen to conduct experiment in this paper. The result demonstrate that proposed algorithm is superior to existing machine learning based methods in general performance. 
### 17.Robust Online Multi-target Visual Tracking using a HISP Filter with Discriminative Deep Appearance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03945.pdf)
>  We propose a novel online multi-target visual tracker based on the recently developed Hypothesized and Independent Stochastic Population (HISP) filter. The HISP filter combines advantages of traditional tracking approaches like multiple hypothesis tracking (MHT) and point-process-based approaches like probability hypothesis density (PHD) filter, and has a linear complexity while maintaining track identities. We apply this filter for tracking multiple targets in video sequences acquired under varying environmental conditions and targets density using a tracking-by-detection approach. We also adopt deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) appearance representation by training a verification-identification network (VerIdNet) on large-scale person re-identification data sets. We construct an augmented likelihood in a principled manner using this deep CNN appearance features and spatio-temporal (motion) information that can improve the tracker's performance. In addition, we solve the problem of two or more targets having identical label taking into account the weight propagated with each confirmed hypothesis. Finally, we carry out extensive experiments on Multiple Object Tracking 2016 (MOT16) and 2017 (MOT17) benchmark data sets and find out that our tracker significantly outperforms several state-of-the-art trackers in terms of tracking accuracy. 
### 18.Efficiency and Scalability of Multi-Lane Capsule Networks (MLCN)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03935.pdf)
>  Some Deep Neural Networks (DNN) have what we call lanes, or they can be reorganized as such. Lanes are paths in the network which are data-independent and typically learn different features or add resilience to the network. Given their data-independence, lanes are amenable for parallel processing. The Multi-lane CapsNet (MLCN) is a proposed reorganization of the Capsule Network which is shown to achieve better accuracy while bringing highly-parallel lanes. However, the efficiency and scalability of MLCN had not been systematically examined. In this work, we study the MLCN network with multiple GPUs finding that it is 2x more efficient than the original CapsNet when using model-parallelism. Further, we present the load balancing problem of distributing heterogeneous lanes in homogeneous or heterogeneous accelerators and show that a simple greedy heuristic can be almost 50% faster than a naive random approach. 
### 19.ACNet: Strengthening the Kernel Skeletons for Powerful CNN via Asymmetric Convolution Blocks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03930.pdf)
>  As designing appropriate Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture in the context of a given application usually involves heavy human works or numerous GPU hours, the research community is soliciting the architecture-neutral CNN structures, which can be easily plugged into multiple mature architectures to improve the performance on our real-world applications. We propose Asymmetric Convolution Block (ACB), an architecture-neutral structure as a CNN building block, which uses 1D asymmetric convolutions to strengthen the square convolution kernels. For an off-the-shelf architecture, we replace the standard square-kernel convolutional layers with ACBs to construct an Asymmetric Convolutional Network (ACNet), which can be trained to reach a higher level of accuracy. After training, we equivalently convert the ACNet into the same original architecture, thus requiring no extra computations anymore. We have observed that ACNet can improve the performance of various models on CIFAR and ImageNet by a clear margin. Through further experiments, we attribute the effectiveness of ACB to its capability of enhancing the model's robustness to rotational distortions and strengthening the central skeleton parts of square convolution kernels. 
### 20.GAN-Tree: An Incrementally Learned Hierarchical Generative Framework for Multi-Modal Data Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03919.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable success of generative adversarial networks, their performance seems less impressive for diverse training sets, requiring learning of discontinuous mapping functions. Though multi-mode prior or multi-generator models have been proposed to alleviate this problem, such approaches may fail depending on the empirically chosen initial mode components. In contrast to such bottom-up approaches, we present GAN-Tree, which follows a hierarchical divisive strategy to address such discontinuous multi-modal data. Devoid of any assumption on the number of modes, GAN-Tree utilizes a novel mode-splitting algorithm to effectively split the parent mode to semantically cohesive children modes, facilitating unsupervised clustering. Further, it also enables incremental addition of new data modes to an already trained GAN-Tree, by updating only a single branch of the tree structure. As compared to prior approaches, the proposed framework offers a higher degree of flexibility in choosing a large variety of mutually exclusive and exhaustive tree nodes called GAN-Set. Extensive experiments on synthetic and natural image datasets including ImageNet demonstrate the superiority of GAN-Tree against the prior state-of-the-arts. 
### 21.HBONet: Harmonious Bottleneck on Two Orthogonal Dimensions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03888.pdf)
>  MobileNets, a class of top-performing convolutional neural network architectures in terms of accuracy and efficiency trade-off, are increasingly used in many resourceaware vision applications. In this paper, we present Harmonious Bottleneck on two Orthogonal dimensions (HBO), a novel architecture unit, specially tailored to boost the accuracy of extremely lightweight MobileNets at the level of less than 40 MFLOPs. Unlike existing bottleneck designs that mainly focus on exploring the interdependencies among the channels of either groupwise or depthwise convolutional features, our HBO improves bottleneck representation while maintaining similar complexity via jointly encoding the feature interdependencies across both spatial and channel dimensions. It has two reciprocal components, namely spatial contraction-expansion and channel expansion-contraction, nested in a bilaterally symmetric structure. The combination of two interdependent transformations performing on orthogonal dimensions of feature maps enhances the representation and generalization ability of our proposed module, guaranteeing compelling performance with limited computational resource and power. By replacing the original bottlenecks in MobileNetV2 backbone with HBO modules, we construct HBONets which are evaluated on ImageNet classification, PASCAL VOC object detection and Market-1501 person re-identification. Extensive experiments show that with the severe constraint of computational budget our models outperform MobileNetV2 counterparts by remarkable margins of at most 6.6%, 6.3% and 5.0% on the above benchmarks respectively. Code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/d-li14/HBONet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.Temporal Knowledge Propagation for Image-to-Video Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03885.pdf)
>  In many scenarios of Person Re-identification (Re-ID), the gallery set consists of lots of surveillance videos and the query is just an image, thus Re-ID has to be conducted between image and videos. Compared with videos, still person images lack temporal information. Besides, the information asymmetry between image and video features increases the difficulty in matching images and videos. To solve this problem, we propose a novel Temporal Knowledge Propagation (TKP) method which propagates the temporal knowledge learned by the video representation network to the image representation network. Specifically, given the input videos, we enforce the image representation network to fit the outputs of video representation network in a shared feature space. With back propagation, temporal knowledge can be transferred to enhance the image features and the information asymmetry problem can be alleviated. With additional classification and integrated triplet losses, our model can learn expressive and discriminative image and video features for image-to-video re-identification. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and the overall results on two widely used datasets surpass the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. 
### 23.UM-Adapt: Unsupervised Multi-Task Adaptation Using Adversarial Cross-Task Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03884.pdf)
>  Aiming towards human-level generalization, there is a need to explore adaptable representation learning methods with greater transferability. Most existing approaches independently address task-transferability and cross-domain adaptation, resulting in limited generalization. In this paper, we propose UM-Adapt - a unified framework to effectively perform unsupervised domain adaptation for spatially-structured prediction tasks, simultaneously maintaining a balanced performance across individual tasks in a multi-task setting. To realize this, we propose two novel regularization strategies; a) Contour-based content regularization (CCR) and b) exploitation of inter-task coherency using a cross-task distillation module. Furthermore, avoiding a conventional ad-hoc domain discriminator, we re-utilize the cross-task distillation loss as output of an energy function to adversarially minimize the input domain discrepancy. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate superior generalizability of the learned representation simultaneously for multiple tasks under domain-shifts from synthetic to natural environments. UM-Adapt yields state-of-the-art transfer learning results on ImageNet classification and comparable performance on PASCAL VOC 2007 detection task, even with a smaller backbone-net. Moreover, the resulting semi-supervised framework outperforms the current fully-supervised multi-task learning state-of-the-art on both NYUD and Cityscapes dataset. 
### 24.To Beta or Not To Beta: Information Bottleneck for DigitaL Image Forensics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03864.pdf)
>  We consider an information theoretic approach to address the problem of identifying fake digital images. We propose an innovative method to formulate the issue of localizing manipulated regions in an image as a deep representation learning problem using the Information Bottleneck (IB), which has recently gained popularity as a framework for interpreting deep neural networks. Tampered images pose a serious predicament since digitized media is a ubiquitous part of our lives. These are facilitated by the easy availability of image editing software and aggravated by recent advances in deep generative models such as GANs. We propose InfoPrint, a computationally efficient solution to the IB formulation using approximate variational inference and compare it to a numerical solution that is computationally expensive. Testing on a number of standard datasets, we demonstrate that InfoPrint outperforms the state-of-the-art and the numerical solution. Additionally, it also has the ability to detect alterations made by inpainting GANs. 
### 25.Delving into Robust Object Detection from Unmanned Aerial Vehicles: A Deep Nuisance Disentanglement Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03856.pdf)
>  Object detection from images captured by Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) is becoming increasingly useful. Despite the great success of the generic object detection methods trained on ground-to-ground images, a huge performance drop is observed when they are directly applied to images captured by UAVs. The unsatisfactory performance is owing to many UAV-specific nuisances, such as varying flying altitudes, adverse weather conditions, dynamically changing viewing angles, etc. Those nuisances constitute a large number of fine-grained domains, across which the detection model has to stay robust. Fortunately, UAVs will record meta-data that depict those varying attributes, which are either freely available along with the UAV images, or can be easily obtained. We propose to utilize those free meta-data in conjunction with associated UAV images to learn domain-robust features via an adversarial training framework dubbed Nuisance Disentangled Feature Transform (NDFT), for the specific challenging problem of object detection in UAV images, achieving a substantial gain in robustness to those nuisances. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm, by showing state-of-the-art performance (single model) on two existing UAV-based object detection benchmarks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TAMU-VITA/UAV-NDFT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 26.StructureFlow: Image Inpainting via Structure-aware Appearance Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03852.pdf)
>  Image inpainting techniques have shown significant improvements by using deep neural networks recently. However, most of them may either fail to reconstruct reasonable structures or restore fine-grained textures. In order to solve this problem, in this paper, we propose a two-stage model which splits the inpainting task into two parts: structure reconstruction and texture generation. In the first stage, edge-preserved smooth images are employed to train a structure reconstructor which completes the missing structures of the inputs. In the second stage, based on the reconstructed structures, a texture generator using appearance flow is designed to yield image details. Experiments on multiple publicly available datasets show the superior performance of the proposed network. 
### 27.IoU Loss for 2D/3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03851.pdf)
>  In 2D/3D object detection task, Intersection-over-Union (IoU) has been widely employed as an evaluation metric to evaluate the performance of different detectors in the testing stage. However, during the training stage, the common distance loss (\eg, $L_1$ or $L_2$) is often adopted as the loss function to minimize the discrepancy between the predicted and ground truth Bounding Box (Bbox). To eliminate the performance gap between training and testing, the IoU loss has been introduced for 2D object detection in \cite{yu2016unitbox} and \cite{rezatofighi2019generalized}. Unfortunately, all these approaches only work for axis-aligned 2D Bboxes, which cannot be applied for more general object detection task with rotated Bboxes. To resolve this issue, we investigate the IoU computation for two rotated Bboxes first and then implement a unified framework, IoU loss layer for both 2D and 3D object detection tasks. By integrating the implemented IoU loss into several state-of-the-art 3D object detectors, consistent improvements have been achieved for both bird-eye-view 2D detection and point cloud 3D detection on the public KITTI benchmark. 
### 28.Semi-Supervised Self-Growing Generative Adversarial Networks for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03850.pdf)
>  Image recognition is an important topic in computer vision and image processing, and has been mainly addressed by supervised deep learning methods, which need a large set of labeled images to achieve promising performance. However, in most cases, labeled data are expensive or even impossible to obtain, while unlabeled data are readily available from numerous free on-line resources and have been exploited to improve the performance of deep neural networks. To better exploit the power of unlabeled data for image recognition, in this paper, we propose a semi-supervised and generative approach, namely the semi-supervised self-growing generative adversarial network (SGGAN). Label inference is a key step for the success of semi-supervised learning approaches. There are two main problems in label inference: how to measure the confidence of the unlabeled data and how to generalize the classifier. We address these two problems via the generative framework and a novel convolution-block-transformation technique, respectively. To stabilize and speed up the training process of SGGAN, we employ the metric Maximum Mean Discrepancy as the feature matching objective function and achieve larger gain than the standard semi-supervised GANs (SSGANs), narrowing the gap to the supervised methods. Experiments on several benchmark datasets show the effectiveness of the proposed SGGAN on image recognition and facial attribute recognition tasks. By using the training data with only 4% labeled facial attributes, the SGGAN approach can achieve comparable accuracy with leading supervised deep learning methods with all labeled facial attributes. 
### 29.MobileFAN: Transferring Deep Hidden Representation for Face Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03839.pdf)
>  Facial landmark detection is a crucial prerequisite for many face analysis applications. Deep learning-based methods currently dominate the approach of addressing the facial landmark detection. However, such works generally introduce a large number of parameters, resulting in high memory cost. In this paper, we aim for lightweight as well as effective solutions to facial landmark detection. To this end, we propose an effective lightweight model, namely Mobile Face Alignment Network (MobileFAN), using a simple backbone MobileNetV2 as the encoder and three deconvolutional layers as the decoder. The proposed MobileFAN, with only 8% of the model size and lower computational cost, achieves superior or equivalent performance compared to state-of-the-art models. Moreover, by transferring the geometric structural information of a face graph from a large complex model to our proposed MobileFAN through feature-aligned distillation and feature-similarity distillation, the performance of MobileFAN is further improved in effectiveness and efficiency for face alignment. Extensive experiment results on three challenging facial landmark estimation benchmarks including COFW, 300W and WFLW show the superiority of our proposed MobileFAN against state-of-the-art methods. 
### 30.AutoGAN: Neural Architecture Search for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03835.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has witnessed prevailing success in image classification and (very recently) segmentation tasks. In this paper, we present the first preliminary study on introducing the NAS algorithm to generative adversarial networks (GANs), dubbed AutoGAN. The marriage of NAS and GANs faces its unique challenges. We define the search space for the generator architectural variations and use an RNN controller to guide the search, with parameter sharing and dynamic-resetting to accelerate the process. Inception score is adopted as the reward, and a multi-level search strategy is introduced to perform NAS in a progressive way. Experiments validate the effectiveness of AutoGAN on the task of unconditional image generation. Specifically, our discovered architectures achieve highly competitive performance compared to current state-of-the-art hand-crafted GANs, e.g., setting new state-of-the-art FID scores of 12.42 on CIFAR-10, and 31.01 on STL-10, respectively. We also conclude with a discussion of the current limitations and future potential of AutoGAN. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TAMU-VITA/AutoGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 31.DeblurGAN-v2: Deblurring (Orders-of-Magnitude) Faster and Better  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03826.pdf)
>  We present a new end-to-end generative adversarial network (GAN) for single image motion deblurring, named DeblurGAN-v2, which considerably boosts state-of-the-art deblurring efficiency, quality, and flexibility. DeblurGAN-v2 is based on a relativistic conditional GAN with a double-scale discriminator. For the first time, we introduce the Feature Pyramid Network into deblurring, as a core building block in the generator of DeblurGAN-v2. It can flexibly work with a wide range of backbones, to navigate the balance between performance and efficiency. The plug-in of sophisticated backbones (e.g., Inception-ResNet-v2) can lead to solid state-of-the-art deblurring. Meanwhile, with light-weight backbones (e.g., MobileNet and its variants), DeblurGAN-v2 reaches 10-100 times faster than the nearest competitors, while maintaining close to state-of-the-art results, implying the option of real-time video deblurring. We demonstrate that DeblurGAN-v2 obtains very competitive performance on several popular benchmarks, in terms of deblurring quality (both objective and subjective), as well as efficiency. Besides, we show the architecture to be effective for general image restoration tasks too. Our codes, models and data are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KupynOrest/DeblurGANv2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 32.Attentive Deep Regression Networks for Real-Time Visual Face Tracking in Video Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03812.pdf)
>  Visual face tracking is one of the most important tasks in video surveillance systems. However, due to the variations in pose, scale, expression, and illumination it is considered to be a difficult task. Recent studies show that deep learning methods have a significant potential in object tracking tasks and adaptive feature selection methods can boost their performance. Motivated by these, we propose an end-to-end attentive deep learning based tracker, that is build on top of the state-of-the-art GOTURN tracker, for the task of real-time visual face tracking in video surveillance. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art GOTURN and IVT trackers by very large margins and it achieves speeds that are very far beyond the requirements of real-time tracking. Additionally, to overcome the scarce data problem in visual face tracking, we also provide bounding box annotations for the G1 and G2 sets of ChokePoint dataset and make it suitable for further studies in face tracking under surveillance conditions. 
### 33.Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Data Augmentation and Adaptation in Remotely Sensed Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03809.pdf)
>  The difficulty in obtaining labeled data relevant to a given task is among the most common and well-known practical obstacles to applying deep learning techniques to new or even slightly modified domains. The data volumes required by the current generation of supervised learning algorithms typically far exceed what a human needs to learn and complete a given task. We investigate ways to expand a given labeled corpus of remote sensed imagery into a larger corpus using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We then measure how these additional synthetic data affect supervised machine learning performance on an object detection task. <br>Our data driven strategy is to train GANs to (1) generate synthetic segmentation masks and (2) generate plausible synthetic remote sensing imagery corresponding to these segmentation masks. Run sequentially, these GANs allow the generation of synthetic remote sensing imagery complete with segmentation labels. We apply this strategy to the data set from ISPRS' 2D Semantic Labeling Contest - Potsdam, with a follow on vehicle detection task. We find that in scenarios with limited training data, augmenting the available data with such synthetically generated data can improve detector performance. 
### 34.Object-Aware Instance Labeling for Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03792.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object detection (WSOD), where a detector is trained with only image-level annotations, is attracting more and more attention. As a method to obtain a well-performing detector, the detector and the instance labels are updated iteratively. In this study, for more efficient iterative updating, we focus on the instance labeling problem, a problem of which label should be annotated to each region based on the last localization result. Instead of simply labeling the top-scoring region and its highly overlapping regions as positive and others as negative, we propose more effective instance labeling methods as follows. First, to solve the problem that regions covering only some parts of the object tend to be labeled as positive, we find regions covering the whole object focusing on the context classification loss. Second, considering the situation where the other objects contained in the image can be labeled as negative, we impose a spatial restriction on regions labeled as negative. Using these instance labeling methods, we train the detector on the PASCAL VOC 2007 and 2012 and obtain significantly improved results compared with other state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 35.Lightweight and Scalable Particle Tracking and Motion Clustering of 3D Cell Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03775.pdf)
>  Tracking cell particles in 3D microscopy videos is a challenging task but is of great significance for modeling the motion of cells. Proper characterization of the cell's shape, evolution, and their movement over time is crucial to understanding and modeling the mechanobiology of cell migration in many diseases. One in particular, toxoplasmosis is the disease caused by the parasite Toxoplasma gondii. Roughly, one-third of the world's population tests positive for T. gondii. Its virulence is linked to its lytic cycle, predicated on its motility and ability to enter and exit nucleated cells; therefore, studies elucidating its motility patterns are critical to the eventual development of therapeutic strategies. Here, we present a computational framework for fast and scalable detection, tracking, and identification of T. gondii motion phenotypes in 3D videos, in a completely unsupervised fashion. Our pipeline consists of several different modules including preprocessing, sparsification, cell detection, cell tracking, trajectories extraction, parametrization of the trajectories; and finally, a clustering step. Additionally, we identified the computational bottlenecks, and developed a lightweight and highly scalable pipeline through a combination of task distribution and parallelism. Our results prove both the accuracy and performance of our method. 
### 36.SCAR: Spatial-/Channel-wise Attention Regression Networks for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03716.pdf)
>  Recently, crowd counting is a hot topic in crowd analysis. Many CNN-based counting algorithms attain good performance. However, these methods only focus on the local appearance features of crowd scenes but ignore the large-range pixel-wise contextual and crowd attention information. To remedy the above problems, in this paper, we introduce the Spatial-/Channel-wise Attention Models into the traditional Regression CNN to estimate the density map, which is named as "SCAR". It consists of two modules, namely Spatial-wise Attention Model (SAM) and Channel-wise Attention Model (CAM). The former can encode the pixel-wise context of the entire image to more accurately predict density maps at the pixel level. The latter attempts to extract more discriminative features among different channels, which aids model to pay attention to the head region, the core of crowd scenes. Intuitively, CAM alleviates the mistaken estimation for background regions. Finally, two types of attention information and traditional CNN's feature maps are integrated by a concatenation operation. Furthermore, the extensive experiments are conducted on four popular datasets, Shanghai Tech Part A/B, GCC, and UCF_CC_50 Dataset. The results show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results. 
### 37.Exploiting temporal consistency for real-time video depth estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03706.pdf)
>  Accuracy of depth estimation from static images has been significantly improved recently, by exploiting hierarchical features from deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Compared with static images, vast information exists among video frames and can be exploited to improve the depth estimation performance. In this work, we focus on exploring temporal information from monocular videos for depth estimation. Specifically, we take the advantage of convolutional long short-term memory (CLSTM) and propose a novel spatial-temporal CSLTM (ST-CLSTM) structure. Our ST-CLSTM structure can capture not only the spatial features but also the temporal correlations/consistency among consecutive video frames with negligible increase in computational cost. Additionally, in order to maintain the temporal consistency among the estimated depth frames, we apply the generative adversarial learning scheme and design a temporal consistency loss. The temporal consistency loss is combined with the spatial loss to update the model in an end-to-end fashion. By taking advantage of the temporal information, we build a video depth estimation framework that runs in real-time and generates visually pleasant results. Moreover, our approach is flexible and can be generalized to most existing depth estimation frameworks. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tinyurl.com/STCLSTM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 38.Boundary Effect-Aware Visual Tracking for UAV with Online Enhanced Background Learning and Multi-Frame Consensus Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03701.pdf)
>  Due to implicitly introduced periodic shifting of limited searching area, visual object tracking using correlation filters often has to confront undesired boundary effect. As boundary effect severely degrade the quality of object model, it has made it a challenging task for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) to perform robust and accurate object following. Traditional hand-crafted features are also not precise and robust enough to describe the object in the viewing point of UAV. In this work, a novel tracker with online enhanced background learning is specifically proposed to tackle boundary effects. Real background samples are densely extracted to learn as well as update correlation filters. Spatial penalization is introduced to offset the noise introduced by exceedingly more background information so that a more accurate appearance model can be established. Meanwhile, convolutional features are extracted to provide a more comprehensive representation of the object. In order to mitigate changes of objects' appearances, multi-frame technique is applied to learn an ideal response map and verify the generated one in each frame. Exhaustive experiments were conducted on 100 challenging UAV image sequences and the proposed tracker has achieved state-of-the-art performance. 
### 39.User independent Emotion Recognition with Residual Signal-Image Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03692.pdf)
>  User independent emotion recognition with large scale physiological signals is a tough problem. There exist many advanced methods but they are conducted under relatively small datasets with dozens of subjects. Here, we propose Res-SIN, a novel end-to-end framework using Electrodermal Activity(EDA) signal images to classify human emotion. We first apply convex optimization-based EDA (cvxEDA) to decompose signals and mine the static and dynamic emotion changes. Then, we transform decomposed signals to images so that they can be effectively processed by CNN frameworks. The Res-SIN combines individual emotion features and external emotion benchmarks to accelerate convergence. We evaluate our approach on the PMEmo dataset, the currently largest emotional dataset containing music and EDA signals. To the best of author's knowledge, our method is the first attempt to classify large scale subject-independent emotion with 7962 pieces of EDA signals from 457 subjects. Experimental results demonstrate the reliability of our model and the binary classification accuracy of 73.65% and 73.43% on arousal and valence dimension can be used as a baseline. 
### 40.Bayesian Loss for Crowd Count Estimation with Point Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03684.pdf)
>  In crowd counting datasets, each person is annotated by a point, which is usually the center of the head. And the task is to estimate the total count in a crowd scene. Most of the state-of-the-art methods are based on density map estimation, which convert the sparse point annotations into a "ground truth" density map through a Gaussian kernel, and then use it as the learning target to train a density map estimator. However, such a "ground-truth" density map is imperfect due to occlusions, perspective effects, variations in object shapes, etc. On the contrary, we propose \emph{Bayesian loss}, a novel loss function which constructs a density contribution probability model from the point annotations. Instead of constraining the value at every pixel in the density map, the proposed training loss adopts a more reliable supervision on the count expectation at each annotated point. Without bells and whistles, the loss function makes substantial improvements over the baseline loss on all tested datasets. Moreover, our proposed loss function equipped with a standard backbone network, without using any external detectors or multi-scale architectures, plays favourably against the state of the arts. Our method outperforms previous best approaches by a large margin on the latest and largest UCF-QNRF dataset. The source code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhihengCV/Baysian-Crowd-Counting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 41.Unconstrained Foreground Object Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03675.pdf)
>  Many people search for foreground objects to use when editing images. While existing methods can retrieve candidates to aid in this, they are constrained to returning objects that belong to a pre-specified semantic class. We instead propose a novel problem of unconstrained foreground object (UFO) search and introduce a solution that supports efficient search by encoding the background image in the same latent space as the candidate foreground objects. A key contribution of our work is a cost-free, scalable approach for creating a large-scale training dataset with a variety of foreground objects of differing semantic categories per image location. Quantitative and human-perception experiments with two diverse datasets demonstrate the advantage of our UFO search solution over related baselines. 
### 42.Recent Advances in Deep Learning for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03673.pdf)
>  Object detection is a fundamental visual recognition problem in computer vision and has been widely studied in the past decades. Visual object detection aims to find objects of certain target classes with precise localization in a given image and assign each object instance a corresponding class label. Due to the tremendous successes of deep learning based image classification, object detection techniques using deep learning have been actively studied in recent years. In this paper, we give a comprehensive survey of recent advances in visual object detection with deep learning. By reviewing a large body of recent related work in literature, we systematically analyze the existing object detection frameworks and organize the survey into three major parts: (i) detection components, (ii) learning strategies, and (iii) applications &amp; benchmarks. In the survey, we cover a variety of factors affecting the detection performance in detail, such as detector architectures, feature learning, proposal generation, sampling strategies, etc. Finally, we discuss several future directions to facilitate and spur future research for visual object detection with deep learning. Keywords: Object Detection, Deep Learning, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks 
### 43.Deep ensemble network with explicit complementary model for accuracy-balanced classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03671.pdf)
>  The average accuracy is one of major evaluation metrics for classification systems, while the accuracy deviation is another important performance metric used to evaluate various deep neural networks. In this paper, we present a new ensemble-like fast deep neural network, Harmony, that can reduce the accuracy deviation among categories without degrading overall average accuracy. Harmony consists of three sub-models, namely, Target model, Complementary model, and Conductor model. In Harmony, an object is classified by using either Target model or Complementary model. Target model is a conventional classification network for general categories, while Complementary model is a classification network especially for weak categories that are inaccurately classified by Target model. Conductor model is used to select one of two models. Experimental results demonstrate that Harmony accurately classifies categories, while it reduces the accuracy deviation among the categories. 
### 44.A Distraction Score for Watermarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03651.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel technique to quantify how distracting watermarks are on an image. We begin with watermark detection using a two-tower CNN model composed of a binary classification task and a semantic segmentation prediction. With this model, we demonstrate significant improvement in image precision while maintaining per-pixel accuracy, especially for our real-world dataset with sparse positive examples. We fit a nonlinear function to represent detected watermarks by a single score correlated with human perception based on their size, location, and visual obstructiveness. Finally, we validate our method in an image ranking setup, which is the main application of our watermark scoring algorithm. 
### 45.Star-convex Polyhedra for 3D Object Detection and Segmentation in Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03636.pdf)
>  Accurate detection and segmentation of cell nuclei in volumetric (3D) fluorescence microscopy datasets is an important step in many biomedical research projects. Although many automated methods for these tasks exist, they often struggle for images with low signal-to-noise ratios and/or dense packing of nuclei. It was recently shown for 2D microscopy images that these issues can be alleviated by training a neural network to directly predict a suitable shape representation (star-convex polygon) for cell nuclei. In this paper, we adopt and extend this approach to 3D volumes by using star-convex polyhedra to represent cell nuclei and similar shapes. To that end, we overcome the challenges of 1) finding parameter-efficient star-convex polyhedra representations that can faithfully describe cell nuclei shapes, 2) adapting to anisotropic voxel sizes often found in fluorescence microscopy datasets, and 3) efficiently computing intersections between pairs of star-convex polyhedra (required for non-maximum suppression). Although our approach is quite general, since star-convex polyhedra subsume common shapes like bounding boxes and spheres as special cases, our focus is on accurate detection and segmentation of cell nuclei. That that end, we demonstrate on two challenging datasets that our approach (StarDist-3D) leads to superior results when compared to classical and deep-learning based methods. 
### 46.Learning morphological operators for skin detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03630.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel post processing approach for skin detectors based on trained morphological operators. The first step, consisting in skin segmentation is performed according to an existing skin detection approach is performed for skin segmentation, then a second step is carried out consisting in the application of a set of morphological operators to refine the resulting mask. Extensive experimental evaluation performed considering two different detection approaches (one based on deep learning and a handcrafted one) carried on 10 different datasets confirms the quality of the proposed method. 
### 47.A Mask-RCNN Baseline for Probabilistic Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03621.pdf)
>  The Probabilistic Object Detection Challenge evaluates object detection methods using a new evaluation measure, Probability-based Detection Quality (PDQ), on a new synthetic image dataset. We present our submission to the challenge, a fine-tuned version of Mask-RCNN with some additional post-processing. Our method, submitted under username pammirato, is currently second on the leaderboard with a score of 21.432, while also achieving the highest spatial quality and average overall quality of detections. We hope this method can provide some insight into how detectors designed for mean average precision (mAP) evaluation behave under PDQ, as well as a strong baseline for future work. 
### 48.Understanding Optical Music Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03608.pdf)
>  For over 50 years, researchers have been trying to teach computers to read music notation, referred to as Optical Music Recognition (OMR). However, this field is still difficult to access for new researchers, especially those without a significant musical background: few introductory materials are available, and furthermore the field has struggled with defining itself and building a shared terminology. In this tutorial, we address these shortcomings by (1) providing a robust definition of OMR and its relationship to related fields, (2) analyzing how OMR inverts the music encoding process to recover the musical notation and the musical semantics from documents, (3) proposing a taxonomy of OMR, with most notably a novel taxonomy of applications. Additionally, we discuss how deep learning affects modern OMR research, as opposed to the traditional pipeline. Based on this work, the reader should be able to attain a basic understanding of OMR: its objectives, its inherent structure, its relationship to other fields, the state of the art, and the research opportunities it affords. 
### 49.Automated Brain Tumour Segmentation Using Deep Fully Convolutional Residual Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04250.pdf)
>  Automated brain tumour segmentation has the potential of making a massive improvement in disease diagnosis, surgery, monitoring and surveillance. However, this task is extremely challenging. Here, we describe our automated segmentation method using 2D CNNs that are based on U-Net. To deal with class imbalance effectively, we have formulated a weighted Dice loss function. We found that increasing the depth of the 'U' shape beyond a certain level results in a decrease in performance, so it is essential to choose an optimum depth. We also found that 3D contextual information cannot be captured by a single 2D network that is trained with patches extracted from multiple views whereas an ensemble of three 2D networks trained in multiple views can effectively capture the information and deliver much better performance. Our method obtained Dice scores of 0.79 for enhancing tumour, 0.90 for whole tumour, and 0.82 for tumour core on the BraTS 2018 validation set and its performance is comparable to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 50.Deep Tone Mapping Operator for High Dynamic Range Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04197.pdf)
>  A computationally fast tone mapping operator (TMO) that can quickly adapt to a wide spectrum of high dynamic range (HDR) content is quintessential for visualization on varied low dynamic range (LDR) output devices such as movie screens or standard displays. Existing TMOs can successfully tone-map only a limited number of HDR content and require an extensive parameter tuning to yield the best subjective-quality tone-mapped output. In this paper, we address this problem by proposing a fast, parameter-free and scene-adaptable deep tone mapping operator (DeepTMO) that yields a high-resolution and high-subjective quality tone mapped output. Based on conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN), DeepTMO not only learns to adapt to vast scenic-content (e.g., outdoor, indoor, human, structures, etc.) but also tackles the HDR related scene-specific challenges such as contrast and brightness, while preserving the fine-grained details. We explore 4 possible combinations of Generator-Discriminator architectural designs to specifically address some prominent issues in HDR related deep-learning frameworks like blurring, tiling patterns and saturation artifacts. By exploring different influences of scales, loss-functions and normalization layers under a cGAN setting, we conclude with adopting a multi-scale model for our task. To further leverage on the large-scale availability of unlabeled HDR data, we train our network by generating targets using an objective HDR quality metric, namely Tone Mapping Image Quality Index (TMQI). We demonstrate results both quantitatively and qualitatively, and showcase that our DeepTMO generates high-resolution, high-quality output images over a large spectrum of real-world scenes. Finally, we evaluate the perceived quality of our results by conducting a pair-wise subjective study which confirms the versatility of our method. 
### 51.Human Perceptual Evaluations for Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04187.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been much interest in deep learning techniques to do image compression and there have been claims that several of these produce better results than engineered compression schemes (such as JPEG, JPEG2000 or BPG). A standard way of comparing image compression schemes today is to use perceptual similarity metrics such as PSNR or MS-SSIM (multi-scale structural similarity). This has led to some deep learning techniques which directly optimize for MS-SSIM by choosing it as a loss function. While this leads to a higher MS-SSIM for such techniques, we demonstrate using user studies that the resulting improvement may be misleading. Deep learning techniques for image compression with a higher MS-SSIM may actually be perceptually worse than engineered compression schemes with a lower MS-SSIM. 
### 52.Left Ventricle Quantification Using Direct Regression with Segmentation Regularization and Ensembles of Pretrained 2D and 3D CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04181.pdf)
>  Cardiac left ventricle (LV) quantification provides a tool for diagnosing cardiac diseases. Automatic calculation of all relevant LV indices from cardiac MR images is an intricate task due to large variations among patients and deformation during the cardiac cycle. Typical methods are based on segmentation of the myocardium or direct regression from MR images. To consider cardiac motion and deformation, recurrent neural networks and spatio-temporal convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been proposed. We study an approach combining state-of-the-art models and emphasizing transfer learning to account for the small dataset provided for the LVQuan19 challenge. We compare 2D spatial and 3D spatio-temporal CNNs for LV indices regression and cardiac phase classification. To incorporate segmentation information, we propose an architecture-independent segmentation-based regularization. To improve the robustness further, we employ a search scheme that identifies the optimal ensemble from a set of architecture variants. Evaluating on the LVQuan19 Challenge training dataset with 5-fold cross-validation, we achieve mean absolute errors of 111 +- 76mm^2, 1.84 +- 0.9mm and 1.22 +- 0.6mm for area, dimension and regional wall thickness regression, respectively. The error rate for cardiac phase classification is 6.7%. 
### 53.Decision Trees for Complexity Reduction in Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04168.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for complexity reduction in practical video encoders using multiple decision tree classifiers. The method is demonstrated for the fast implementation of the 'High Efficiency Video Coding' (HEVC) standard, chosen because of its high bit rate reduction capability but large complexity overhead. Optimal partitioning of each video frame into coding units (CUs) is the main source of complexity as a vast number of combinations are tested. The decision tree models were trained to identify when the CU testing process, a time-consuming Lagrangian optimisation, can be skipped i.e a high probability that the CU can remain whole. A novel approach to finding the simplest and most effective decision tree model called 'manual pruning' is described. Implementing the skip criteria reduced the average encoding time by 42.1% for a Bjntegaard Delta rate detriment of 0.7%, for 17 standard test sequences in a range of resolutions and quantisation parameters. 
### 54.Improving Robustness of Deep Learning Based Knee MRI Segmentation: Mixup and Adversarial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04126.pdf)
>  Degeneration of articular cartilage (AC) is actively studied in knee osteoarthritis (OA) research via magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Segmentation of AC tissues from MRI data is an essential step in quantification of their damage. Deep learning (DL) based methods have shown potential in this realm and are the current state-of-the-art, however, their robustness to heterogeneity of MRI acquisition settings remains an open problem. In this study, we investigated two modern regularization techniques -- mixup and adversarial unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) -- to improve the robustness of DL-based knee cartilage segmentation to new MRI acquisition settings. Our validation setup included two datasets produced by different MRI scanners and using distinct data acquisition protocols. We assessed the robustness of automatic segmentation by comparing mixup and UDA approaches to a strong baseline method at different OA severity stages and, additionally, in relation to anatomical locations. Our results showed that for moderate changes in knee MRI data acquisition settings both approaches may provide notable improvements in the robustness, which are consistent for all stages of the disease and affect the clinically important areas of the knee joint. However, mixup may be considered as a recommended approach, since it is more computationally efficient and does not require additional data from the target acquisition setup. 
### 55.Automated retinal vessel segmentation based on morphological preprocessing and 2D-Gabor wavelets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04123.pdf)
>  Automated segmentation of vascular map in retinal images endeavors a potential benefit in diagnostic procedure of different ocular diseases. In this paper, we suggest a new unsupervised retinal blood vessel segmentation approach using top-hat transformation, contrast-limited adaptive histogram equalization (CLAHE), and 2-D Gabor wavelet filters. Initially, retinal image is preprocessed using top-hat morphological transformation followed by CLAHE to enhance only the blood vessel pixels in the presence of exudates, optic disc, and fovea. Then, multiscale 2-D Gabor wavelet filters are applied on preprocessed image for better representation of thick and thin blood vessels located at different orientations. The efficacy of the presented algorithm is assessed on publicly available DRIVE database with manually labeled images. On DRIVE database, we achieve an average accuracy of 94.32% with a small standard deviation of 0.004. In comparison with major algorithms, our algorithm produces better performance concerning the accuracy, sensitivity, and kappa agreement. 
### 56.Douglas-Quaid -- Open Source Image Matching Library  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04014.pdf)
>  Security analysts need to classify, search and correlate numerous images. Automatic classification tools improve the efficiency of such tasks. However, no open-source and turnkey library was found able to reach this goal. The present paper introduces an Open-Source modular library for the specific cases of visual correlation and Image Matching named Douglas-Quaid. The design of the library, chosen tradeoffs, encountered challenges, envisioned solutions as well as quality and speed results are presented in this paper. We also explore researches directions and future potential developments of the library. Our claim is that even partial automation of screenshots classification would reduce the burden on security teams and that Douglas-Quaid is a step forward in this direction. 
### 57.Instance Enhancement Batch Normalization: an Adaptive Regulator of Batch Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04008.pdf)
>  Batch Normalization (BN) (Ioffe and Szegedy 2015) normalizes the features of an input image via statistics of a batch of images and this batch information is considered as batch noise that will be brought to the features of an instance by BN. We offer a point of view that self-attention mechanism can help regulate the batch noise by enhancing instance-specific information. Based on this view, we propose combining BN with a self-attention mechanism to adjust the batch noise and give an attention-based version of BN called Instance Enhancement Batch Normalization (IEBN) which recalibrates channel information by a simple linear transformation. IEBN outperforms BN with a light parameter increment in various visual tasks universally for different network structures and benchmark data sets. Besides, even if under the attack of synthetic noise, IEBN can still stabilize network training with good generalization. The code of IEBN is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gbup-group/IEBN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 58.Visual and Semantic Prototypes-Jointly Guided CNN for Generalized Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03983.pdf)
>  In the process of exploring the world, the curiosity constantly drives humans to cognize new things. \emph{Supposing you are a zoologist, for a presented animal image, you can recognize it immediately if you know its class. Otherwise, you would more likely attempt to cognize it by exploiting the side-information (e.g., semantic information, etc.) you have accumulated.} Inspired by this, this paper decomposes the generalized zero-shot learning (G-ZSL) task into an open set recognition (OSR) task and a zero-shot learning (ZSL) task, where OSR recognizes seen classes (if we have seen (or known) them) and rejects unseen classes (if we have never seen (or known) them before), while ZSL identifies the unseen classes rejected by the former. Simultaneously, without violating OSR's assumptions (only known class knowledge is available in training), we also first attempt to explore a new generalized open set recognition (G-OSR) by introducing the accumulated side-information from known classes to OSR. For G-ZSL, such a decomposition essentially solves the class overfitting problem with easily misclassifying unseen classes as seen classes. The problem is ubiquitous in most existing G-ZSL methods. On the other hand, for G-OSR, introducing such semantic information of known classes not only improves the recognition performance but also endows OSR with the cognitive ability of unknown classes. Specifically, a visual and semantic prototypes-jointly guided convolutional neural network (VSG-CNN) is proposed to fulfill these two tasks (G-ZSL and G-OSR) in a unified end-to-end learning framework. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate the advantages of our learning framework. 
### 59.Structural Similarity based Anatomical and Functional Brain Imaging Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03958.pdf)
>  Multimodal medical image fusion helps in combining contrasting features from two or more input imaging modalities to represent fused information in a single image. One of the pivotal clinical applications of medical image fusion is the merging of anatomical and functional modalities for fast diagnosis of malignant tissues. In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end unsupervised learning-based Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for fusing the high and low frequency components of MRI-PET grayscale image pairs, publicly available at ADNI, by exploiting Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) as the loss function during training. We then apply color coding for the visualization of the fused image by quantifying the contribution of each input image in terms of the partial derivatives of the fused image. We find that our fusion and visualization approach results in better visual perception of the fused image, while also comparing favorably to previous methods when applying various quantitative assessment metrics. 
### 60.DynaNet: Neural Kalman Dynamical Model for Motion Estimation and Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03918.pdf)
>  Dynamical models estimate and predict the temporal evolution of physical systems. State Space Models (SSMs) in particular represent the system dynamics with many desirable properties, such as being able to model uncertainty in both the model and measurements, and optimal (in the Bayesian sense) recursive formulations e.g. the Kalman Filter. However, they require significant domain knowledge to derive the parametric form and considerable hand-tuning to correctly set all the parameters. Data driven techniques e.g. Recurrent Neural Networks have emerged as compelling alternatives to SSMs with wide success across a number of challenging tasks, in part due to their ability to extract relevant features from rich inputs. They however lack interpretability and robustness to unseen conditions. In this work, we present DynaNet, a hybrid deep learning and time-varying state-space model which can be trained end-to-end. Our neural Kalman dynamical model allows us to exploit the relative merits of each approach. We demonstrate state-of-the-art estimation and prediction on a number of physically challenging tasks, including visual odometry, sensor fusion for visual-inertial navigation and pendulum control. In addition we show how DynaNet can indicate failures through investigation of properties such as the rate of innovation (Kalman Gain). 
### 61.Unsupervised Neural Quantization for Compressed-Domain Similarity Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03883.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of unsupervised visual descriptors compression, which is a key ingredient of large-scale image retrieval systems. While the deep learning machinery has benefited literally all computer vision pipelines, the existing state-of-the-art compression methods employ shallow architectures, and we aim to close this gap by our paper. In more detail, we introduce a DNN architecture for the unsupervised compressed-domain retrieval, based on multi-codebook quantization. The proposed architecture is designed to incorporate both fast data encoding and efficient distances computation via lookup tables. We demonstrate the exceptional advantage of our scheme over existing quantization approaches on several datasets of visual descriptors via outperforming the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin. 
### 62.Efficient Structurally-Strengthened Generative Adversarial Network for MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03858.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing based magnetic resonance imaging (CS-MRI) provides an efficient way to reduce scanning time of MRI. Recently deep learning has been introduced into CS-MRI to further improve the image quality and shorten reconstruction time. In this paper, we propose an efficient structurally strengthened Generative Adversarial Network, termed ESSGAN, for reconstructing MR images from highly under-sampled k-space data. ESSGAN consists of a structurally strengthened generator (SG) and a discriminator. In SG, we introduce strengthened connections (SCs) to improve the utilization of the feature maps between the proposed strengthened convolutional autoencoders (SCAEs), where each SCAE is a variant of a typical convolutional autoencoder. In addition, we creatively introduce a residual in residual block (RIRB) to SG. RIRB increases the depth of SG, thus enhances feature expression ability of SG. Moreover, it can give the encoder blocks and the decoder blocks richer texture features. To further reduce artifacts and preserve more image details, we introduce an enhanced structural loss to SG. ESSGAN can provide higher image quality with less model parameters than the state-of-the-art deep learning-based methods at different undersampling rates of different subsampling masks, and reconstruct a 256*256 MR image in tens of milliseconds. 
### 63.Exploiting Temporal Relationships in Video Moment Localization with Natural Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03846.pdf)
>  We address the problem of video moment localization with natural language, i.e. localizing a video segment described by a natural language sentence. While most prior work focuses on grounding the query as a whole, temporal dependencies and reasoning between events within the text are not fully considered. In this paper, we propose a novel Temporal Compositional Modular Network (TCMN) where a tree attention network first automatically decomposes a sentence into three descriptions with respect to the main event, context event and temporal signal. Two modules are then utilized to measure the visual similarity and location similarity between each segment and the decomposed descriptions. Moreover, since the main event and context event may rely on different modalities (RGB or optical flow), we use late fusion to form an ensemble of four models, where each model is independently trained by one combination of the visual input. Experiments show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the TEMPO dataset. 
### 64.Automatic acute ischemic stroke lesion segmentation using semi-supervised learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03735.pdf)
>  Ischemic stroke is a common disease in the elderly population, which can cause long-term disability and even death. However, the time window for treatment of ischemic stroke in its acute stage is very short. To fast localize and quantitively evaluate the acute ischemic stroke (AIS) lesions, many deep-learning-based lesion segmentation methods have been proposed in the literature, where a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) was trained on hundreds of fully labeled subjects with accurate annotations of AIS lesions. Despite that high segmentation accuracy can be achieved, the accurate labels should be annotated by experienced clinicians, and it is therefore very time-consuming to obtain a large number of fully labeled subjects. In this paper, we propose a semi-supervised method to automatically segment AIS lesions in diffusion weighted images and apparent diffusion coefficient maps. By using a large number of weakly labeled subjects and a small number of fully labeled subjects, our proposed method is able to accurately detect and segment the AIS lesions. In particular, our proposed method consists of three parts: 1) a double-path classification net (DPC-Net) trained in a weakly-supervised way is used to detect the suspicious regions of AIS lesions; 2) a pixel-level K-Means clustering algorithm is used to identify the hyperintensive regions on the DWIs; and 3) a region-growing algorithm combines the outputs of the DPC-Net and the K-Means to obtain the final precise lesion segmentation. In our experiment, we use 460 weakly labeled subjects and 15 fully labeled subjects to train and fine-tune the proposed method. By evaluating on a clinical dataset with 150 fully labeled subjects, our proposed method achieves a mean dice coefficient of 0.639, and a lesion-wise F1 score of 0.799. 
### 65.Semi-Supervised Multi-Task Learning With Chest X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03693.pdf)
>  Especially in the medical imaging domain when large labeled datasets are unavailable, discriminative models that require full supervision are inefficacious. By contrast, generative modeling---i.e., learning data generation and classification---facilitates semi-supervised training with limited labeled data. Moreover, generative modeling can be advantageous in accomplishing multiple objectives for better generalization. We propose a novel multi-task learning model for jointly learning a classifier and a segmentor, from chest X-ray images, through semi-supervised learning. In addition, we propose a new loss function that combines absolute KL divergence with Tversky loss (KLTV) to yield faster convergence and better segmentation performance. Based on our experimental results using a novel segmentation model, an Adversarial Pyramid Progressive Attention Network (APPAU-Net), we hypothesize that KLTV can be more effective for generalizing multi-tasking models while being competitive in segmentation-only tasks. 
### 66.Natural-Logarithm-Rectified Activation Function in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03682.pdf)
>  Activation functions play a key role in providing remarkable performance in deep neural networks, and the rectified linear unit (ReLU) is one of the most widely used activation functions. Various new activation functions and improvements on ReLU have been proposed, but each carry performance drawbacks. In this paper, we propose an improved activation function, which we name the natural-logarithm-rectified linear unit (NLReLU). This activation function uses the parametric natural logarithmic transform to improve ReLU and is simply defined as. NLReLU not only retains the sparse activation characteristic of ReLU, but it also alleviates the "dying ReLU" and vanishing gradient problems to some extent. It also reduces the bias shift effect and heteroscedasticity of neuron data distributions among network layers in order to accelerate the learning process. The proposed method was verified across ten convolutional neural networks with different depths for two essential datasets. Experiments illustrate that convolutional neural networks with NLReLU exhibit higher accuracy than those with ReLU, and that NLReLU is comparable to other well-known activation functions. NLReLU provides 0.16% and 2.04% higher classification accuracy on average compared to ReLU when used in shallow convolutional neural networks with the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets, respectively. The average accuracy of deep convolutional neural networks with NLReLU is 1.35% higher on average with the CIFAR-10 dataset. 
### 67.Distance Map Loss Penalty Term for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03679.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks for semantic segmentation suffer from low performance at object boundaries. In medical imaging, accurate representation of tissue surfaces and volumes is important for tracking of disease biomarkers such as tissue morphology and shape features. In this work, we propose a novel distance map derived loss penalty term for semantic segmentation. We propose to use distance maps, derived from ground truth masks, to create a penalty term, guiding the network's focus towards hard-to-segment boundary regions. We investigate the effects of this penalizing factor against cross-entropy, Dice, and focal loss, among others, evaluating performance on a 3D MRI bone segmentation task from the publicly available Osteoarthritis Initiative dataset. We observe a significant improvement in the quality of segmentation, with better shape preservation at bone boundaries and areas affected by partial volume. We ultimately aim to use our loss penalty term to improve the extraction of shape biomarkers and derive metrics to quantitatively evaluate the preservation of shape. 
### 68.Emotionless: Privacy-Preserving Speech Analysis for Voice Assistants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03632.pdf)
>  Voice-enabled interactions provide more human-like experiences in many popular IoT systems. Cloud-based speech analysis services extract useful information from voice input using speech recognition techniques. The voice signal is a rich resource that discloses several possible states of a speaker, such as emotional state, confidence and stress levels, physical condition, age, gender, and personal traits. Service providers can build a very accurate profile of a user's demographic category, personal preferences, and may compromise privacy. To address this problem, a privacy-preserving intermediate layer between users and cloud services is proposed to sanitize the voice input. It aims to maintain utility while preserving user privacy. It achieves this by collecting real time speech data and analyzes the signal to ensure privacy protection prior to sharing of this data with services providers. Precisely, the sensitive representations are extracted from the raw signal by using transformation functions and then wrapped it via voice conversion technology. Experimental evaluation based on emotion recognition to assess the efficacy of the proposed method shows that identification of sensitive emotional state of the speaker is reduced by ~96 %. 
### 69.DSIC: Deep Stereo Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03631.pdf)
>  In this paper we tackle the problem of stereo image compression, and leverage the fact that the two images have overlapping fields of view to further compress the representations. Our approach leverages state-of-the-art single-image compression autoencoders and enhances the compression with novel parametric skip functions to feed fully differentiable, disparity-warped features at all levels to the encoder/decoder of the second image. Moreover, we model the probabilistic dependence between the image codes using a conditional entropy model. Our experiments show an impressive 30 - 50% reduction in the second image bitrate at low bitrates compared to deep single-image compression, and a 10 - 20% reduction at higher bitrates. 
### 70.Synthetic Elastography using B-mode Ultrasound through a Deep Fully-Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.03573.pdf)
>  Shear-wave elastography (SWE) permits local estimation of tissue elasticity, an important imaging marker in biomedicine. This recently-developed, advanced technique assesses the speed of a laterally-travelling shear wave after an acoustic radiation force "push" to estimate local Young's moduli in an operator-independent fashion. In this work, we show how synthetic SWE (sSWE) images can be generated based on conventional B-mode imaging through deep learning. Using side-by-side-view B-mode/SWE images collected in 50 patients with prostate cancer, we show that sSWE images with a pixel-wise mean absolute error of 4.8 kPa with regard to the original SWE can be generated. Visualization of high-level feature levels through t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding reveals a high degree of overlap between data from different scanners. Also qualitatively, sSWE results seem generalisable to single B-mode acquisitions and other scanners. In the future, we envision sSWE as a reliable elasticity-related tissue typing strategy that is solely based on B-mode ultrasound acquisition. 
