# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 22 Aug 2019
### 1.MobiSR: Efficient On-Device Super-Resolution through Heterogeneous Mobile Processors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07985.pdf)
>  In recent years, convolutional networks have demonstrated unprecedented performance in the image restoration task of super-resolution (SR). SR entails the upscaling of a single low-resolution image in order to meet application-specific image quality demands and plays a key role in mobile devices. To comply with privacy regulations and reduce the overhead of cloud computing, executing SR models locally on-device constitutes a key alternative approach. Nevertheless, the excessive compute and memory requirements of SR workloads pose a challenge in mapping SR networks on resource-constrained mobile platforms. This work presents MobiSR, a novel framework for performing efficient super-resolution on-device. Given a target mobile platform, the proposed framework considers popular model compression techniques and traverses the design space to reach the highest performing trade-off between image quality and processing speed. At run time, a novel scheduler dispatches incoming image patches to the appropriate model-engine pair based on the patch's estimated upscaling difficulty in order to meet the required image quality with minimum processing latency. Quantitative evaluation shows that the proposed framework yields on-device SR designs that achieve an average speedup of 2.13x over highly-optimized parallel difficulty-unaware mappings and 4.79x over highly-optimized single compute engine implementations. 
### 2.Non-negative Sparse and Collaborative Representation for Pattern Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07956.pdf)
>  Sparse representation (SR) and collaborative representation (CR) have been successfully applied in many pattern classification tasks such as face recognition. In this paper, we propose a novel Non-negative Sparse and Collaborative Representation (NSCR) for pattern classification. The NSCR representation of each test sample is obtained by seeking a non-negative sparse and collaborative representation vector that represents the test sample as a linear combination of training samples. We observe that the non-negativity can make the SR and CR more discriminative and effective for pattern classification. Based on the proposed NSCR, we propose a NSCR based classifier for pattern classification. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed NSCR based classifier outperforms the previous SR or CR based approach, as well as state-of-the-art deep approaches, on diverse challenging pattern classification tasks. 
### 3.Deep High-Resolution Representation Learning for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07919.pdf)
>  High-resolution representations are essential for position-sensitive vision problems, such as human pose estimation, semantic segmentation, and object detection. Existing state-of-the-art frameworks first encode the input image as a low-resolution representation through a subnetwork that is formed by connecting high-to-low resolution convolutions \emph{in series} (e.g., ResNet, VGGNet), and then recover the high-resolution representation from the encoded low-resolution representation. Instead, our proposed network, named as High-Resolution Network (HRNet), maintains high-resolution representations through the whole process. There are two key characteristics: (i) Connect the high-to-low resolution convolution streams \emph{in parallel}; (ii) Repeatedly exchange the information across resolutions. The benefit is that the resulting representation is semantically richer and spatially more precise. We show the superiority of the proposed HRNet in a wide range of applications, including human pose estimation, semantic segmentation, and object detection, suggesting that the HRNet is a stronger backbone for computer vision problems. All the codes are available at~{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}. 
### 4.PCRNet: Point Cloud Registration Network using PointNet Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07906.pdf)
>  PointNet has recently emerged as a popular representation for unstructured point cloud data, allowing application of deep learning to tasks such as object detection, segmentation and shape completion. However, recent works in literature have shown the sensitivity of the PointNet representation to pose misalignment. This paper presents a novel framework that uses the PointNet representation to align point clouds and perform registration for applications such as tracking, 3D reconstruction and pose estimation. We develop a framework that compares PointNet features of template and source point clouds to find the transformation that aligns them accurately. Depending on the prior information about the shape of the object formed by the point clouds, our framework can produce approaches that are shape specific or general to unseen shapes. The shape specific approach uses a Siamese architecture with fully connected (FC) layers and is robust to noise and initial misalignment in data. We perform extensive simulation and real-world experiments to validate the efficacy of our approach and compare the performance with state-of-art approaches. 
### 5.DomainSiam: Domain-Aware Siamese Network for Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07905.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking is a fundamental task in the field of computer vision. Recently, Siamese trackers have achieved state-of-the-art performance on recent benchmarks. However, Siamese trackers do not fully utilize semantic and objectness information from pre-trained networks that have been trained on the image classification task. Furthermore, the pre-trained Siamese architecture is sparsely activated by the category label which leads to unnecessary calculations and overfitting. In this paper, we propose to learn a Domain-Aware, that is fully utilizing semantic and objectness information while producing a class-agnostic using a ridge regression network. Moreover, to reduce the sparsity problem, we solve the ridge regression problem with a differentiable weighted-dynamic loss function. Our tracker, dubbed DomainSiam, improves the feature learning in the training phase and generalization capability to other domains. Extensive experiments are performed on five tracking benchmarks including OTB2013 and OTB2015 for a validation set; as well as the VOT2017, VOT2018, LaSOT, TrackingNet, and GOT10k for a testing set. DomainSiam achieves state-of-the-art performance on these benchmarks while running at 53 FPS. 
### 6.Effects of Blur and Deblurring to Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07904.pdf)
>  Intuitively, motion blur may hurt the performance of visual object tracking. However, we lack quantitative evaluation of tracker robustness to different levels of motion blur. Meanwhile, while image deblurring methods can produce visually clearer videos for pleasing human eyes, it is unknown whether visual object tracking can benefit from image deblurring or not. In this paper, we address these two problems by constructing a Blurred Video Tracking benchmark, which contains a variety of videos with different levels of motion blurs, as well as ground truth tracking results for evaluating trackers. We extensively evaluate 23 trackers on this benchmark and observe several new interesting results. Specifically, we find that light blur may improve the performance of many trackers, but heavy blur always hurts the tracking performance. We also find that image deblurring may help to improve tracking performance on heavily blurred videos but hurt the performance on lightly blurred videos. According to these observations, we propose a new GAN based scheme to improve the tracker robustness to motion blurs. In this scheme, a finetuned discriminator is used as an adaptive assessor to selectively deblur frames during the tracking process. We use this scheme to successfully improve the accuracy and robustness of 6 trackers. 
### 7.Learning Structured Twin-Incoherent Twin-Projective Latent Dictionary Pairs for Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07878.pdf)
>  In this paper, we extend the popular dictionary pair learning (DPL) into the scenario of twin-projective latent flexible DPL under a structured twin-incoherence. Technically, a novel framework called Twin-Projective Latent Flexible DPL (TP-DPL) is proposed, which minimizes the twin-incoherence constrained flexibly-relaxed reconstruction error to avoid the possible over-fitting issue and produce accurate reconstruction. In this setting, our TP-DPL integrates the twin-incoherence based latent flexible DPL and the joint embedding of codes as well as salient features by twin-projection into a unified model in an adaptive neighborhood-preserving manner. As a result, TP-DPL unifies the salient feature extraction, representation and classification. The twin-incoherence constraint on codes and features can explicitly ensure high intra-class compactness and inter-class separation over them. TP-DPL also integrates the adaptive weighting to preserve the local neighborhood of the coefficients and salient features within each class explicitly. For efficiency, TP-DPL uses Frobenius-norm and abandons the costly l0/l1-norm for group sparse representation. Another byproduct is that TP-DPL can directly apply the class-specific twin-projective reconstruction residual to compute the label of data. Extensive results on public databases show that TP-DPL can deliver the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 8.Adaptive Structure-constrained Robust Latent Low-Rank Coding for Image Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07860.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a robust representation learning model called Adaptive Structure-constrained Low-Rank Coding (AS-LRC) for the latent representation of data. To recover the underlying subspaces more accurately, AS-LRC seamlessly integrates an adaptive weighting based block-diagonal structure-constrained low-rank representation and the group sparse salient feature extraction into a unified framework. Specifically, AS-LRC performs the latent decomposition of given data into a low-rank reconstruction by a block-diagonal codes matrix, a group sparse locality-adaptive salient feature part and a sparse error part. To enforce the block-diagonal structures adaptive to different real datasets for the low-rank recovery, AS-LRC clearly computes an auto-weighting matrix based on the locality-adaptive features and multiplies by the low-rank coefficients for direct minimization at the same time. This encourages the codes to be block-diagonal and can avoid the tricky issue of choosing optimal neighborhood size or kernel width for the weight assignment, suffered in most local geometrical structures-preserving low-rank coding methods. In addition, our AS-LRC selects the L2,1-norm on the projection for extracting group sparse features rather than learning low-rank features by Nuclear-norm regularization, which can make learnt features robust to noise and outliers in samples, and can also make the feature coding process efficient. Extensive visualizations and numerical results demonstrate the effectiveness of our AS-LRC for image representation and recovery. 
### 9.InstaBoost: Boosting Instance Segmentation via Probability Map Guided Copy-Pasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07801.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation requires a large number of training samples to achieve satisfactory performance and benefits from proper data augmentation. To enlarge the training set and increase the diversity, previous methods have investigated using data annotation from other domain (e.g. bbox, point) in a weakly supervised mechanism. In this paper, we present a simple, efficient and effective method to augment the training set using the existing instance mask annotations. Exploiting the pixel redundancy of the background, we are able to improve the performance of Mask R-CNN for 1.7 mAP on COCO dataset and 3.3 mAP on Pascal VOC dataset by simply introducing random jittering to objects. Furthermore, we propose a location probability map based approach to explore the feasible locations that objects can be placed based on local appearance similarity. With the guidance of such map, we boost the performance of R101-Mask R-CNN on instance segmentation from 35.7 mAP to 37.9 mAP without modifying the backbone or network structure. Our method is simple to implement and does not increase the computational complexity. It can be integrated into the training pipeline of any instance segmentation model without affecting the training and inference efficiency. Our code and models have been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GothicAi/InstaBoost" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 10.Video-based Bottleneck Detection utilizing Lagrangian Dynamics in Crowded Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07772.pdf)
>  Avoiding bottleneck situations in crowds is critical for the safety and comfort of people at large events or in public transportation. Based on the work of Lagrangian motion analysis we propose a novel video-based bottleneckdetector by identifying characteristic stowage patterns in crowd-movements captured by optical flow fields. The Lagrangian framework allows to assess complex timedependent crowd-motion dynamics at large temporal scales near the bottleneck by two dimensional Lagrangian fields. In particular we propose long-term temporal filtered Finite Time Lyapunov Exponents (FTLE) fields that provide towards a more global segmentation of the crowd movements and allows to capture its deformations when a crowd is passing a bottleneck. Finally, these deformations are used for an automatic spatio-temporal detection of such situations. The performance of the proposed approach is shown in extensive evaluations on the existing Jülich and AGORASET datasets, that we have updated with ground truth data for spatio-temporal bottleneck analysis. 
### 11.A Realistic Face-to-Face Conversation System based on Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07750.pdf)
>  To improve the experiences of face-to-face conversation with avatar, this paper presents a novel conversation system. It is composed of two sequence-to-sequence models respectively for listening and speaking and a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based realistic avatar synthesizer. The models exploit the facial action and head pose to learn natural human reactions. Based on the models' output, the synthesizer uses the Pixel2Pixel model to generate realistic facial images. To show the improvement of our system, we use a 3D model based avatar driving scheme as a reference. We train and evaluate our neural networks with the data from ESPN shows. Experimental results show that our conversation system can generate natural facial reactions and realistic facial images. 
### 12.RBCN: Rectified Binary Convolutional Networks for Enhancing the Performance of 1-bit DCNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07748.pdf)
>  Binarized convolutional neural networks (BCNNs) are widely used to improve memory and computation efficiency of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) for mobile and AI chips based applications. However, current BCNNs are not able to fully explore their corresponding full-precision models, causing a significant performance gap between them. In this paper, we propose rectified binary convolutional networks (RBCNs), towards optimized BCNNs, by combining full-precision kernels and feature maps to rectify the binarization process in a unified framework. In particular, we use a GAN to train the 1-bit binary network with the guidance of its corresponding full-precision model, which significantly improves the performance of BCNNs. The rectified convolutional layers are generic and flexible, and can be easily incorporated into existing DCNNs such as WideResNets and ResNets. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed RBCNs over state-of-the-art BCNNs. In particular, our method shows strong generalization on the object tracking task. 
### 13.KeystoneDepth: Visualizing History in 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07732.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the largest and most diverse collection of rectified stereo image pairs to the research community, KeystoneDepth, consisting of tens of thousands of stereographs of historical people, events, objects, and scenes between 1860 and 1963. Leveraging the Keystone-Mast raw scans from the California Museum of Photography, we apply multiple processing steps to produce clean stereo image pairs, complete with calibration data, rectification transforms, and depthmaps. A second contribution is a novel approach for view synthesis that runs at real-time rates on a mobile device, simulating the experience of looking through an open window into these historical scenes. We produce results for thousands of antique stereographs, capturing many important historical moments. 
### 14.Pilot Study on Verifying the Monotonic Relationship between Error and Uncertainty in Deformable Registration for Neurosurgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07709.pdf)
>  In image-guided neurosurgery, deformable registration currently is not a clinical routine. Although using it in practice is a goal for image-guided therapy, this goal is hampered because surgeons are wary of the less predictable deformable registration error. In the preoperative- to-intraoperative registration, when surgeons notice a misaligned image pattern, they want to know whether it is a registration error or an actual deformation caused by tumor resection or retraction. Here, surgeons need a spatial distribution of error to help them make a better-informed decision, i.e., ignore locations with high error. However, such an error estimate is difficult to acquire. Alternatively, probabilistic image registration (PIR) methods give measures of registration uncertainty, which is a potential surrogate for assessing the quality of registration results. It is intuitive and believed by a lot of people that high uncertainty indicates a large error. Yet to the best of our knowledge, no such conclusion has been reported in the PIR literature. In this study, we look at one PIR method and give preliminary results showing that point-wise registration error and uncertainty are monotonically correlated. 
### 15.Preserving Semantic and Temporal Consistency for Unpaired Video-to-Video Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07683.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the problem of unpaired video-to-video translation. Given a video in the source domain, we aim to learn the conditional distribution of the corresponding video in the target domain, without seeing any pairs of corresponding videos. While significant progress has been made in the unpaired translation of images, directly applying these methods to an input video leads to low visual quality due to the additional time dimension. In particular, previous methods suffer from semantic inconsistency (i.e., semantic label flipping) and temporal flickering artifacts. To alleviate these issues, we propose a new framework that is composed of carefully-designed generators and discriminators, coupled with two core objective functions: 1) content preserving loss and 2) temporal consistency loss. Extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method against previous approaches. We further apply our framework to a domain adaptation task and achieve favorable results. 
### 16.Asymmetric Non-local Neural Networks for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07678.pdf)
>  The non-local module works as a particularly useful technique for semantic segmentation while criticized for its prohibitive computation and GPU memory occupation. In this paper, we present Asymmetric Non-local Neural Network to semantic segmentation, which has two prominent components: Asymmetric Pyramid Non-local Block (APNB) and Asymmetric Fusion Non-local Block (AFNB). APNB leverages a pyramid sampling module into the non-local block to largely reduce the computation and memory consumption without sacrificing the performance. AFNB is adapted from APNB to fuse the features of different levels under a sufficient consideration of long range dependencies and thus considerably improves the performance. Extensive experiments on semantic segmentation benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our work. In particular, we report the state-of-the-art performance of 81.3 mIoU on the Cityscapes test set. For a 256x128 input, APNB is around 6 times faster than a non-local block on GPU while 28 times smaller in GPU running memory occupation. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MendelXu/ANN.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Semantic-Transferable Weakly-Supervised Endoscopic Lesions Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07669.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised learning under image-level labels supervision has been widely applied to semantic segmentation of medical lesions regions. However, 1) most existing models rely on effective constraints to explore the internal representation of lesions, which only produces inaccurate and coarse lesions regions; 2) they ignore the strong probabilistic dependencies between target lesions dataset (e.g., enteroscopy images) and well-to-annotated source diseases dataset (e.g., gastroscope images). To better utilize these dependencies, we present a new semantic lesions representation transfer model for weakly-supervised endoscopic lesions segmentation, which can exploit useful knowledge from relevant fully-labeled diseases segmentation task to enhance the performance of target weakly-labeled lesions segmentation task. More specifically, a pseudo label generator is proposed to leverage seed information to generate highly-confident pseudo pixel labels by incorporating class balance and super-pixel spatial prior. It can iteratively include more hard-to-transfer samples from weakly-labeled target dataset into training set. Afterwards, dynamically searched feature centroids for same class among different datasets are aligned by accumulating previously-learned features. Meanwhile, adversarial learning is also employed in this paper, to narrow the gap between the lesions among different datasets in output space. Finally, we build a new medical endoscopic dataset with 3659 images collected from more than 1100 volunteers. Extensive experiments on our collected dataset and several benchmark datasets validate the effectiveness of our model. 
### 18.FusionNet: Incorporating Shape and Texture for Abnormality Detection in 3D Abdominal CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07654.pdf)
>  Automatic abnormality detection in abdominal CT scans can help doctors improve the accuracy and efficiency in diagnosis. In this paper we aim at detecting pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), the most common pancreatic cancer. Taking the fact that the existence of tumor can affect both the shape and the texture of pancreas, we design a system to extract the shape and texture feature at the same time for detecting PDAC. In this paper we propose a two-stage method for this 3D classification task. First, we segment the pancreas into a binary mask. Second, a FusionNet is proposed to take both the binary mask and CT image as input and perform a binary classification. The optimal architecture of the FusionNet is obtained by searching a pre-defined functional space. We show that the classification results using either shape or texture information are complementary, and by fusing them with the optimized architecture, the performance improves by a large margin. Our method achieves a specificity of 97% and a sensitivity of 92% on 200 normal scans and 136 scans with PDAC. 
### 19.Communal Domain Learning for Registration in Drifted Image Spaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07646.pdf)
>  Designing a registration framework for images that do not share the same probability distribution is a major challenge in modern image analytics yet trivial task for the human visual system (HVS). Discrepancies in probability distributions, also known as \emph{drifts}, can occur due to various reasons including, but not limited to differences in sequences and modalities (e.g., MRI T1-T2 and MRI-CT registration), or acquisition settings (e.g., multisite, inter-subject, or intra-subject registrations). The popular assumption about the working of HVS is that it exploits a communal feature subspace exists between the registering images or fields-of-view that encompasses key drift-invariant features. Mimicking the approach that is potentially adopted by the HVS, herein, we present a representation learning technique of this invariant communal subspace that is shared by registering domains. The proposed communal domain learning (CDL) framework uses a set of hierarchical nonlinear transforms to learn the communal subspace that minimizes the probability differences and maximizes the amount of shared information between the registering domains. Similarity metric and parameter optimization calculations for registration are subsequently performed in the drift-minimized learned communal subspace. This generic registration framework is applied to register multisequence (MR: T1, T2) and multimodal (MR, CT) images. Results demonstrated generic applicability, consistent performance, and statistically significant improvement for both multi-sequence and multi-modal data using the proposed approach ($p$-value$&lt;0.001$; Wilcoxon rank sum test) over baseline methods. 
### 20.Saccader: Improving Accuracy of Hard Attention Models for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07644.pdf)
>  Although deep convolutional neural networks achieve state-of-the-art performance across nearly all image classification tasks, they are often regarded as black boxes. Because they compute a nonlinear function of the entire input image, their decisions are difficult to interpret. One approach that offers some level of interpretability by design is \textit{hard attention}, which selects only relevant portions of the image. However, training hard attention models with only class label supervision is challenging, and hard attention has proved difficult to scale to complex datasets. Here, we propose a novel hard attention model, which we term Saccader, as well as a self-supervised pretraining procedure for this model that does not suffer from optimization challenges. Through pretraining and policy gradient optimization, the Saccader model estimates the relevance of different image patches to the downstream task, and uses a novel cell to select patches to classify at different times. Our approach achieves high accuracy on ImageNet while providing more interpretable predictions. 
### 21.On Object Symmetries and 6D Pose Estimation from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07640.pdf)
>  Objects with symmetries are common in our daily life and in industrial contexts, but are often ignored in the recent literature on 6D pose estimation from images. In this paper, we study in an analytical way the link between the symmetries of a 3D object and its appearance in images. We explain why symmetrical objects can be a challenge when training machine learning algorithms that aim at estimating their 6D pose from images. We propose an efficient and simple solution that relies on the normalization of the pose rotation. Our approach is general and can be used with any 6D pose estimation algorithm. Moreover, our method is also beneficial for objects that are 'almost symmetrical', i.e. objects for which only a detail breaks the symmetry. We validate our approach within a Faster-RCNN framework on a synthetic dataset made with objects from the T-Less dataset, which exhibit various types of symmetries, as well as real sequences from T-Less. 
### 22.Action recognition with spatial-temporal discriminative filter banks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07625.pdf)
>  Action recognition has seen a dramatic performance improvement in the last few years. Most of the current state-of-the-art literature either aims at improving performance through changes to the backbone CNN network, or they explore different trade-offs between computational efficiency and performance, again through altering the backbone network. However, almost all of these works maintain the same last layers of the network, which simply consist of a global average pooling followed by a fully connected layer. In this work we focus on how to improve the representation capacity of the network, but rather than altering the backbone, we focus on improving the last layers of the network, where changes have low impact in terms of computational cost. In particular, we show that current architectures have poor sensitivity to finer details and we exploit recent advances in the fine-grained recognition literature to improve our model in this aspect. With the proposed approach, we obtain state-of-the-art performance on Kinetics-400 and Something-Something-V1, the two major large-scale action recognition benchmarks. 
### 23.Phrase Localization Without Paired Training Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07553.pdf)
>  Localizing phrases in images is an important part of image understanding and can be useful in many applications that require mappings between textual and visual information. Existing work attempts to learn these mappings from examples of phrase-image region correspondences (strong supervision) or from phrase-image pairs (weak supervision). We postulate that such paired annotations are unnecessary, and propose the first method for the phrase localization problem where neither training procedure nor paired, task-specific data is required. Our method is simple but effective: we use off-the-shelf approaches to detect objects, scenes and colours in images, and explore different approaches to measure semantic similarity between the categories of detected visual elements and words in phrases. Experiments on two well-known phrase localization datasets show that this approach surpasses all weakly supervised methods by a large margin and performs very competitively to strongly supervised methods, and can thus be considered a strong baseline to the task. The non-paired nature of our method makes it applicable to any domain and where no paired phrase localization annotation is available. 
### 24.Multi-Modal Recognition of Worker Activity for Human-Centered Intelligent Manufacturing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07519.pdf)
>  In a human-centered intelligent manufacturing system, sensing and understanding of the worker's activity are the primary tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-modal approach for worker activity recognition by leveraging information from different sensors and in different modalities. Specifically, a smart armband and a visual camera are applied to capture Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) signals and videos, respectively. For the IMU signals, we design two novel feature transform mechanisms, in both frequency and spatial domains, to assemble the captured IMU signals as images, which allow using convolutional neural networks to learn the most discriminative features. Along with the above two modalities, we propose two other modalities for the video data, at the video frame and video clip levels, respectively. Each of the four modalities returns a probability distribution on activity prediction. Then, these probability distributions are fused to output the worker activity classification result. A worker activity dataset of 6 activities is established, which at present contains 6 common activities in assembly tasks, i.e., grab a tool/part, hammer a nail, use a power-screwdriver, rest arms, turn a screwdriver, and use a wrench. The developed multi-modal approach is evaluated on this dataset and achieves recognition accuracies as high as 97% and 100% in the leave-one-out and half-half experiments, respectively. 
### 25.Testing Robustness Against Unforeseen Adversaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.08016.pdf)
>  Considerable work on adversarial defense has studied robustness to a fixed, known family of adversarial distortions, most frequently L_p-bounded distortions. In reality, the specific form of attack will rarely be known and adversaries are free to employ distortions outside of any fixed set. The present work advocates measuring robustness against this much broader range of unforeseen attacks---attacks whose precise form is not known when designing a defense. <br>We propose a methodology for evaluating a defense against a diverse range of distortion types together with a summary metric UAR that measures the Unforeseen Attack Robustness against a distortion. We construct novel JPEG, Fog, Gabor, and Snow adversarial attacks to simulate unforeseen adversaries and perform a careful study of adversarial robustness against these and existing distortion types. We find that evaluation against existing L_p attacks yields highly correlated information that may not generalize to other attacks and identify a set of 4 attacks that yields more diverse information. We further find that adversarial training against either one or multiple distortions, including our novel ones, does not confer robustness to unforeseen distortions. These results underscore the need to study robustness against unforeseen distortions and provide a starting point for doing so. 
### 26.Pixel-wise Segmentation of Right Ventricle of Heart  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.08004.pdf)
>  One of the first steps in the diagnosis of most cardiac diseases, such as pulmonary hypertension, coronary heart disease is the segmentation of ventricles from cardiac magnetic resonance (MRI) images. Manual segmentation of the right ventricle requires diligence and time, while its automated segmentation is challenging due to shape variations and illdefined borders. We propose a deep learning based method for the accurate segmentation of right ventricle, which does not require post-processing and yet it achieves the state-of-the-art performance of 0.86 Dice coefficient and 6.73 mm Hausdorff distance on RVSC-MICCAI 2012 dataset. We use a novel adaptive cost function to counter extreme class-imbalance in the dataset. We present a comprehensive comparative study of loss functions, architectures, and ensembling techniques to build a principled approach for biomedical segmentation tasks. 
### 27.Estimation of perceptual scales using ordinal embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07962.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of measuring and analysing sensation, the subjective magnitude of one's experience. We do this in the context of the method of triads: the sensation of the stimulus is evaluated via relative judgments of the form: "Is stimulus S_i more similar to stimulus S_j or to stimulus S_k?". We propose to use ordinal embedding methods from machine learning to estimate the scaling function from the relative judgments. We review two relevant and well-known methods in psychophysics which are partially applicable in our setting: non-metric multi-dimensional scaling (NMDS) and the method of maximum likelihood difference scaling (MLDS). We perform an extensive set of simulations, considering various scaling functions, to demonstrate the performance of the ordinal embedding methods. We show that in contrast to existing approaches our ordinal embedding approach allows, first, to obtain reasonable scaling function from comparatively few relative judgments, second, the estimation of non-monotonous scaling functions, and, third, multi-dimensional perceptual scales. In addition to the simulations, we analyse data from two real psychophysics experiments using ordinal embedding methods. Our results show that in the one-dimensional, monotonically increasing perceptual scale our ordinal embedding approach works as well as MLDS, while in higher dimensions, only our ordinal embedding methods can produce a desirable scaling function. To make our methods widely accessible, we provide an R-implementation and general rules of thumb on how to use ordinal embedding in the context of psychophysics. 
### 28.TUNA-Net: Task-oriented UNsupervised Adversarial Network for Disease Recognition in Cross-Domain Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07926.pdf)
>  In this work, we exploit the unsupervised domain adaptation problem for radiology image interpretation across domains. Specifically, we study how to adapt the disease recognition model from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain, so as to reduce the effort of labeling each new dataset. To address the shortcoming of cross-domain, unpaired image-to-image translation methods which typically ignore class-specific semantics, we propose a task-driven, discriminatively trained, cycle-consistent generative adversarial network, termed TUNA-Net. It is able to preserve 1) low-level details, 2) high-level semantic information and 3) mid-level feature representation during the image-to-image translation process, to favor the target disease recognition task. The TUNA-Net framework is general and can be readily adapted to other learning tasks. We evaluate the proposed framework on two public chest X-ray datasets for pneumonia recognition. The TUNA-Net model can adapt labeled adult chest X-rays in the source domain such that they appear as if they were drawn from pediatric X-rays in the unlabeled target domain, while preserving the disease semantics. Extensive experiments show the superiority of the proposed method as compared to state-of-the-art unsupervised domain adaptation approaches. Notably, TUNA-Net achieves an AUC of 96.3% for pediatric pneumonia classification, which is very close to that of the supervised approach (98.1%), but without the need for labels on the target domain. 
### 29.A novel text representation which enables image classifiers to perform text classification, applied to name disambiguation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07846.pdf)
>  Patent data are often used to study the process of innovation and research, but patent databases lack unique identifiers for individual inventors, making it difficult to study innovation processes at the individual level. Here we introduce an algorithm that performs highly accurate disambiguation of inventors (named entities) in US patent data (F1: 99.09%, precision: 99.41%, recall: 98.76%). The algorithm involves a novel method for converting text-based record data into abstract image representations, in which text from a given pairwise comparison between two inventor name records is converted into a 2D RGB (stacked) image representation. We train an image classification neural network to discriminate between such pairwise comparison images, and then use the trained network to label each pair of records as either matched (same inventor) or non-matched (different inventors). The resulting disambiguation algorithm produces highly accurate results, out-performing other inventor name disambiguation studies on US patent data. Our new text-to-image representation method could potentially be used more broadly for other NLP comparison problems, as it allows image-based processing techniques (e.g. image classification networks) to be applied to text-based comparison problems (such as disambiguation of academic publications, or data linkage problems). 
### 30.Ranking Viscous Finger Simulations to an Acquired Ground Truth with Topology-aware Matchings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07841.pdf)
>  This application paper presents a novel framework based on topological data analysis for the automatic evaluation and ranking of viscous finger simulation runs in an ensemble with respect to a reference acquisition. Individual fingers in a given time-step are associated with critical point pairs in the distance field to the injection point, forming persistence diagrams. Different metrics, based on optimal transport, for comparing time-varying persistence diagrams in this specific applicative case are introduced. We evaluate the relevance of the rankings obtained with these metrics, both qualitatively thanks to a lightweight web visual interface, and quantitatively by studying the deviation from a reference ranking suggested by experts. Extensive experiments show the quantitative superiority of our approach compared to traditional alternatives. Our web interface allows experts to conveniently explore the produced rankings. We show a complete viscous fingering case study demonstrating the utility of our approach in the context of porous media fluid flow, where our framework can be used to automatically discard physically-irrelevant simulation runs from the ensemble and rank the most plausible ones. We document an in-situ implementation to lighten I/O and performance constraints arising in the context of parametric studies. 
### 31.Dataset Growth in Medical Image Analysis Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07765.pdf)
>  Medical image analysis studies usually require medical image datasets for training, testing and validation of algorithms. The need is underscored by the deep learning revolution and the dominance of machine learning in recent medical image analysis research. Nevertheless, due to ethical and legal constraints, commercial conflicts and the dependence on busy medical professionals, medical image analysis researchers have been described as "data starved". Due to the lack of objective criteria for sufficiency of dataset size, the research community implicitly sets ad-hoc standards by means of the peer review process. We hypothesize that peer review requires researchers to report the use of ever-increasing datasets as one condition for acceptance of their work to reputable publication venues. To test this hypothesis, we scanned the proceedings of the eminent MICCAI (Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention) conferences from 2011 to 2018. From a total of 2136 articles, we focused on 907 papers involving human datasets of MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging), CT (Computed Tomography) and fMRI (functional MRI) images. For each modality, for each of the years 2011-2018 we calculated the average, geometric mean and median number of human subjects used in that year's MICCAI articles. The results corroborate the dataset growth hypothesis. Specifically, the annual median dataset size in MICCAI articles has grown roughly 3-10 times from 2011 to 2018, depending on the imaging modality. Statistical analysis further supports the dataset growth hypothesis and reveals exponential growth of the geometric mean dataset size, with annual growth of about 21% for MRI, 24% for CT and 31% for fMRI. In slight analogy to Moore's law, the results can provide guidance about trends in the expectations of the medical image analysis community regarding dataset size. 
### 32.Adaptive Segmentation of Knee Radiographs for Selecting the Optimal ROI in Texture Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07736.pdf)
>  The purposes of this study were to investigate: 1) the effect of placement of region-of-interest (ROI) for texture analysis of subchondral bone in knee radiographs, and 2) the ability of several texture descriptors to distinguish between the knees with and without radiographic osteoarthritis (OA). Bilateral posterior-anterior knee radiographs were analyzed from the baseline of OAI and MOST datasets. A fully automatic method to locate the most informative region from subchondral bone using adaptive segmentation was developed. We used an oversegmentation strategy for partitioning knee images into the compact regions that follow natural texture boundaries. LBP, Fractal Dimension (FD), Haralick features, Shannon entropy, and HOG methods were computed within the standard ROI and within the proposed adaptive ROIs. Subsequently, we built logistic regression models to identify and compare the performances of each texture descriptor and each ROI placement method using 5-fold cross validation setting. Importantly, we also investigated the generalizability of our approach by training the models on OAI and testing them on MOST dataset.We used area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) and average precision (AP) obtained from the precision-recall (PR) curve to compare the results. We found that the adaptive ROI improves the classification performance (OA vs. non-OA) over the commonly used standard ROI (up to 9% percent increase in AUC). We also observed that, from all texture parameters, LBP yielded the best performance in all settings with the best AUC of 0.840 [0.825, 0.852] and associated AP of 0.804 [0.786, 0.820]. Compared to the current state-of-the-art approaches, our results suggest that the proposed adaptive ROI approach in texture analysis of subchondral bone can increase the diagnostic performance for detecting the presence of radiographic OA. 
### 33.Automated Multi-sequence Cardiac MRI Segmentation Using Supervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07726.pdf)
>  Left ventricle segmentation and morphological assessment are essential for improving diagnosis and our understanding of cardiomyopathy, which in turn is imperative for reducing risk of myocardial infarctions in patients. Convolutional neural network (CNN) based methods for cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) image segmentation rely on supervision with pixel-level annotations, and may not generalize well to images from a different domain. These methods are typically sensitive to variations in imaging protocols and data acquisition. Since annotating multi-sequence CMR images is tedious and subject to inter- and intra-observer variations, developing methods that can automatically adapt from one domain to the target domain is of great interest. In this paper, we propose an approach for domain adaptation in multi-sequence CMR segmentation task using transfer learning that combines multi-source image information. We first train an encoder-decoder CNN on T2-weighted and balanced-Steady State Free Precession (bSSFP) MR images with pixel-level annotation and fine-tune the same network with a limited number of Late Gadolinium Enhanced-MR (LGE-MR) subjects, to adapt the domain features. The domain-adapted network was trained with just four LGE-MR training samples and obtained an average Dice score of $\sim$85.0\% on the test set comprises of 40 LGE-MR subjects. The proposed method significantly outperformed a network without adaptation trained from scratch on the same set of LGE-MR training data. 
### 34.Lung segmentation on chest x-ray images in patients with severe abnormal findings using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07704.pdf)
>  Rationale and objectives: Several studies have evaluated the usefulness of deep learning for lung segmentation using chest x-ray (CXR) images with small- or medium-sized abnormal findings. Here, we built a database including both CXR images with severe abnormalities and experts' lung segmentation results, and aimed to evaluate our network's efficacy in lung segmentation from these images. Materials and Methods: For lung segmentation, CXR images from the Japanese Society of Radiological Technology (JSRT, N = 247) and Montgomery databases (N = 138), were included, and 65 additional images depicting severe abnormalities from a public database were evaluated and annotated by a radiologist, thereby adding lung segmentation results to these images. Baseline U-net was used to segment the lungs in images from the three databases. Subsequently, the U-net network architecture was automatically optimized for lung segmentation from CXR images using Bayesian optimization. Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) was calculated to confirm segmentation. Results: Our results demonstrated that using baseline U-net yielded poorer lung segmentation results in our database than those in the JSRT and Montgomery databases, implying that robust segmentation of lungs may be difficult because of severe abnormalities. The DSC values with baseline U-net for the JSRT, Montgomery and our databases were 0.979, 0.941, and 0.889, respectively, and with optimized U-net, 0.976, 0.973, and 0.932, respectively. Conclusion: For robust lung segmentation, the U-net architecture was optimized via Bayesian optimization, and our results demonstrate that the optimized U-net was more robust than baseline U-net in lung segmentation from CXR images with large-sized abnormalities. 
### 35.P2L: Predicting Transfer Learning for Images and Semantic Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07630.pdf)
>  Transfer learning enhances learning across tasks, by leveraging previously learned representations -- if they are properly chosen. We describe an efficient method to accurately estimate the appropriateness of a previously trained model for use in a new learning task. We use this measure, which we call "Predict To Learn" ("P2L"), in the two very different domains of images and semantic relations, where it predicts, from a set of "source" models, the one model most likely to produce effective transfer for training a given "target" model. We validate our approach thoroughly, by assembling a collection of candidate source models, then fine-tuning each candidate to perform each of a collection of target tasks, and finally measuring how well transfer has been enhanced. Across 95 tasks within multiple domains (images classification and semantic relations), the P2L approach was able to select the best transfer learning model on average, while the heuristic of choosing model trained with the largest data set selected the best model in only 55 cases. These results suggest that P2L captures important information in common between source and target tasks, and that this shared informational structure contributes to successful transfer learning more than simple data size. 
### 36.Joint Motion Estimation and Segmentation from Undersampled Cardiac MR Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07623.pdf)
>  Accelerating the acquisition of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a challenging problem, and many works have been proposed to reconstruct images from undersampled k-space data. However, if the main purpose is to extract certain quantitative measures from the images, perfect reconstructions may not always be necessary as long as the images enable the means of extracting the clinically relevant measures. In this paper, we work on jointly predicting cardiac motion estimation and segmentation directly from undersampled data, which are two important steps in quantitatively assessing cardiac function and diagnosing cardiovascular diseases. In particular, a unified model consisting of both motion estimation branch and segmentation branch is learned by optimising the two tasks simultaneously. Additional corresponding fully-sampled images are incorporated into the network as a parallel sub-network to enhance and guide the learning during the training process. Experimental results using cardiac MR images from 220 subjects show that the proposed model is robust to undersampled data and is capable of predicting results that are close to that from fully-sampled ones, while bypassing the usual image reconstruction stage. 
### 37.Direct Neural Network 3D Image Reconstruction of Radon Encoded Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.07516.pdf)
>  Neural network image reconstruction directly from measurement data is a growing field of research, but until now has been limited to producing small (e.g. 128x128) 2D images by the large memory requirements of the previously suggested networks. In order to facilitate further research with direct reconstruction, we developed a more efficient network capable of 3D reconstruction of Radon encoded data with a relatively large image matrix (e.g. 400x400). Our proposed network is able to produce image quality comparable to the benchmark Ordered Subsets Expectation Maximization (OSEM) algorithm. We address the most memory intensive aspect of transforming the data from sinogram space to image space through a specially designed Radon inversion layer. We insert this layer between an initial network segment designed to encode the sinogram input and an output segment designed to refine and scale the initial image estimate to produce the final image. We demonstrate 3D reconstructions comparable to OSEM for 1, 4, 8 and 16 slices with no modifications to the network's architecture, capacity or hyper-parameters on a data set of simulated PET whole-body scans. When batch operations are considered, this network can reconstruct an entire PET whole-body volume in a single pass or about one second. Although results in this paper are on PET data, the proposed methods would be equally applicable to X-ray CT or any other Radon encoded measurement data. 
