# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 1 Jun 2022
### 1.Improved Vector Quantized Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.16007.pdf)
>  Vector quantized diffusion (VQ-Diffusion) is a powerful generative model for text-to-image synthesis, but sometimes can still generate low-quality samples or weakly correlated images with text input. We find these issues are mainly due to the flawed sampling strategy. In this paper, we propose two important techniques to further improve the sample quality of VQ-Diffusion. 1) We explore classifier-free guidance sampling for discrete denoising diffusion model and propose a more general and effective implementation of classifier-free guidance. 2) We present a high-quality inference strategy to alleviate the joint distribution issue in VQ-Diffusion. Finally, we conduct experiments on various datasets to validate their effectiveness and show that the improved VQ-Diffusion suppresses the vanilla version by large margins. We achieve an 8.44 FID score on MSCOCO, surpassing VQ-Diffusion by 5.42 FID score. When trained on ImageNet, we dramatically improve the FID score from 11.89 to 4.83, demonstrating the superiority of our proposed techniques.      
### 2.What Knowledge Gets Distilled in Knowledge Distillation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.16004.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation aims to transfer useful information from a teacher network to a student network, with the primary goal of improving the student's performance for the task at hand. Over the years, there has a been a deluge of novel techniques and use cases of knowledge distillation. Yet, despite the various improvements, there seems to be a glaring gap in the community's fundamental understanding of the process. Specifically, what is the knowledge that gets distilled in knowledge distillation? In other words, in what ways does the student become similar to the teacher? Does it start to localize objects in the same way? Does it get fooled by the same adversarial samples? Does its data invariance properties become similar? Our work presents a comprehensive study to try to answer these questions and more. Our results, using image classification as a case study and three state-of-the-art knowledge distillation techniques, show that knowledge distillation methods can indeed indirectly distill other kinds of properties beyond improving task performance. By exploring these questions, we hope for our work to provide a clearer picture of what happens during knowledge distillation.      
### 3.Cascade Luminance and Chrominance for Image Retouching: More Like Artist  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15999.pdf)
>  Photo retouching aims to adjust the luminance, contrast, and saturation of the image to make it more human aesthetically desirable. However, artists' actions in photo retouching are difficult to quantitatively analyze. By investigating their retouching behaviors, we propose a two-stage network that brightens images first and then enriches them in the chrominance plane. Six pieces of useful information from image EXIF are picked as the network's condition input. Additionally, hue palette loss is added to make the image more vibrant. Based on the above three aspects, Luminance-Chrominance Cascading Net(LCCNet) makes the machine learning problem of mimicking artists in photo retouching more reasonable. Experiments show that our method is effective on the benchmark MIT-Adobe FiveK dataset, and achieves state-of-the-art performance for both quantitative and qualitative evaluation.      
### 4.TransFuser: Imitation with Transformer-Based Sensor Fusion for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15997.pdf)
>  How should we integrate representations from complementary sensors for autonomous driving? Geometry-based fusion has shown promise for perception (e.g. object detection, motion forecasting). However, in the context of end-to-end driving, we find that imitation learning based on existing sensor fusion methods underperforms in complex driving scenarios with a high density of dynamic agents. Therefore, we propose TransFuser, a mechanism to integrate image and LiDAR representations using self-attention. Our approach uses transformer modules at multiple resolutions to fuse perspective view and bird's eye view feature maps. We experimentally validate its efficacy on a challenging new benchmark with long routes and dense traffic, as well as the official leaderboard of the CARLA urban driving simulator. At the time of submission, TransFuser outperforms all prior work on the CARLA leaderboard in terms of driving score by a large margin. Compared to geometry-based fusion, TransFuser reduces the average collisions per kilometer by 48%.      
### 5.Text2Human: Text-Driven Controllable Human Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15996.pdf)
>  Generating high-quality and diverse human images is an important yet challenging task in vision and graphics. However, existing generative models often fall short under the high diversity of clothing shapes and textures. Furthermore, the generation process is even desired to be intuitively controllable for layman users. In this work, we present a text-driven controllable framework, Text2Human, for a high-quality and diverse human generation. We synthesize full-body human images starting from a given human pose with two dedicated steps. 1) With some texts describing the shapes of clothes, the given human pose is first translated to a human parsing map. 2) The final human image is then generated by providing the system with more attributes about the textures of clothes. Specifically, to model the diversity of clothing textures, we build a hierarchical texture-aware codebook that stores multi-scale neural representations for each type of texture. The codebook at the coarse level includes the structural representations of textures, while the codebook at the fine level focuses on the details of textures. To make use of the learned hierarchical codebook to synthesize desired images, a diffusion-based transformer sampler with mixture of experts is firstly employed to sample indices from the coarsest level of the codebook, which then is used to predict the indices of the codebook at finer levels. The predicted indices at different levels are translated to human images by the decoder learned accompanied with hierarchical codebooks. The use of mixture-of-experts allows for the generated image conditioned on the fine-grained text input. The prediction for finer level indices refines the quality of clothing textures. Extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate that our proposed framework can generate more diverse and realistic human images compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 6.CropMix: Sampling a Rich Input Distribution via Multi-Scale Cropping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15955.pdf)
>  We present a simple method, CropMix, for the purpose of producing a rich input distribution from the original dataset distribution. Unlike single random cropping, which may inadvertently capture only limited information, or irrelevant information, like pure background, unrelated objects, etc, we crop an image multiple times using distinct crop scales, thereby ensuring that multi-scale information is captured. The new input distribution, serving as training data, useful for a number of vision tasks, is then formed by simply mixing multiple cropped views. We first demonstrate that CropMix can be seamlessly applied to virtually any training recipe and neural network architecture performing classification tasks. CropMix is shown to improve the performance of image classifiers on several benchmark tasks across-the-board without sacrificing computational simplicity and efficiency. Moreover, we show that CropMix is of benefit to both contrastive learning and masked image modeling towards more powerful representations, where preferable results are achieved when learned representations are transferred to downstream tasks. Code is available at GitHub.      
### 7.Two-Dimensional Quantum Material Identification via Self-Attention and Soft-labeling in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15948.pdf)
>  In quantum machine field, detecting two-dimensional (2D) materials in Silicon chips is one of the most critical problems. Instance segmentation can be considered as a potential approach to solve this problem. However, similar to other deep learning methods, the instance segmentation requires a large scale training dataset and high quality annotation in order to achieve a considerable performance. In practice, preparing the training dataset is a challenge since annotators have to deal with a large image, e.g 2K resolution, and extremely dense objects in this problem. In this work, we present a novel method to tackle the problem of missing annotation in instance segmentation in 2D quantum material identification. We propose a new mechanism for automatically detecting false negative objects and an attention based loss strategy to reduce the negative impact of these objects contributing to the overall loss function. We experiment on the 2D material detection datasets, and the experiments show our method outperforms previous works.      
### 8.Voxel Field Fusion for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15938.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a conceptually simple yet effective framework for cross-modality 3D object detection, named voxel field fusion. The proposed approach aims to maintain cross-modality consistency by representing and fusing augmented image features as a ray in the voxel field. To this end, the learnable sampler is first designed to sample vital features from the image plane that are projected to the voxel grid in a point-to-ray manner, which maintains the consistency in feature representation with spatial context. In addition, ray-wise fusion is conducted to fuse features with the supplemental context in the constructed voxel field. We further develop mixed augmentor to align feature-variant transformations, which bridges the modality gap in data augmentation. The proposed framework is demonstrated to achieve consistent gains in various benchmarks and outperforms previous fusion-based methods on KITTI and nuScenes datasets. Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/VFF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Skeleton-based Action Recognition via Temporal-Channel Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15936.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based action recognition methods are limited by the semantic extraction of spatio-temporal skeletal maps. However, current methods have difficulty in effectively combining features from both temporal and spatial graph dimensions and tend to be thick on one side and thin on the other. In this paper, we propose a Temporal-Channel Aggregation Graph Convolutional Networks (TCA-GCN) to learn spatial and temporal topologies dynamically and efficiently aggregate topological features in different temporal and channel dimensions for skeleton-based action recognition. We use the Temporal Aggregation module to learn temporal dimensional features and the Channel Aggregation module to efficiently combine spatial dynamic topological features learned using Channel-wise with temporal dynamic topological features. In addition, we extract multi-scale skeletal features on temporal modeling and fuse them with priori skeletal knowledge with an attention mechanism. Extensive experiments show that our model results outperform state-of-the-art methods on the NTU RGB+D, NTU RGB+D 120, and NW-UCLA datasets.      
### 10.A Competitive Method for Dog Nose-print Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15934.pdf)
>  Vision-based pattern identification (such as face, fingerprint, iris etc.) has been successfully applied in human biometrics for a long history. However, dog nose-print authentication is a challenging problem since the lack of a large amount of labeled data. For that, this paper presents our proposed methods for dog nose-print authentication (Re-ID) task in CVPR 2022 pet biometric challenge. First, considering the problem that each class only with few samples in the training set, we propose an automatic offline data augmentation strategy. Then, for the difference in sample styles between the training and test datasets, we employ joint cross-entropy, triplet and pair-wise circle losses function for network optimization. Finally, with multiple models ensembled adopted, our methods achieve 86.67\% AUC on the test set. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/muzishen/Pet-ReID-IMAG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.SAR Despeckling Using Overcomplete Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15906.pdf)
>  Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) despeckling is an important problem in remote sensing as speckle degrades SAR images, affecting downstream tasks like detection and segmentation. Recent studies show that convolutional neural networks(CNNs) outperform classical despeckling methods. Traditional CNNs try to increase the receptive field size as the network goes deeper, thus extracting global features. However,speckle is relatively small, and increasing receptive field does not help in extracting speckle features. This study employs an overcomplete CNN architecture to focus on learning low-level features by restricting the receptive field. The proposed network consists of an overcomplete branch to focus on the local structures and an undercomplete branch that focuses on the global structures. We show that the proposed network improves despeckling performance compared to recent despeckling methods on synthetic and real SAR images.      
### 12.From Keypoints to Object Landmarks via Self-Training Correspondence: A novel approach to Unsupervised Landmark Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15895.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel paradigm for the unsupervised learning of object landmark detectors. Contrary to existing methods that build on auxiliary tasks such as image generation or equivariance, we propose a self-training approach where, departing from generic keypoints, a landmark detector and descriptor is trained to improve itself, tuning the keypoints into distinctive landmarks. To this end, we propose an iterative algorithm that alternates between producing new pseudo-labels through feature clustering and learning distinctive features for each pseudo-class through contrastive learning. With a shared backbone for the landmark detector and descriptor, the keypoint locations progressively converge to stable landmarks, filtering those less stable. Compared to previous works, our approach can learn points that are more flexible in terms of capturing large viewpoint changes. We validate our method on a variety of difficult datasets, including LS3D, BBCPose, Human3.6M and PennAction, achieving new state of the art results.      
### 13.FaIRCoP: Facial Image Retrieval using Contrastive Personalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15870.pdf)
>  Retrieving facial images from attributes plays a vital role in various systems such as face recognition and suspect identification. Compared to other image retrieval tasks, facial image retrieval is more challenging due to the high subjectivity involved in describing a person's facial features. Existing methods do so by comparing specific characteristics from the user's mental image against the suggested images via high-level supervision such as using natural language. In contrast, we propose a method that uses a relatively simpler form of binary supervision by utilizing the user's feedback to label images as either similar or dissimilar to the target image. Such supervision enables us to exploit the contrastive learning paradigm for encapsulating each user's personalized notion of similarity. For this, we propose a novel loss function optimized online via user feedback. We validate the efficacy of our proposed approach using a carefully designed testbed to simulate user feedback and a large-scale user study. Our experiments demonstrate that our method iteratively improves personalization, leading to faster convergence and enhanced recommendation relevance, thereby, improving user satisfaction. Our proposed framework is also equipped with a user-friendly web interface with a real-time experience for facial image retrieval.      
### 14.3D-model ShapeNet Core Classification using Meta-Semantic Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15869.pdf)
>  Understanding 3D point cloud models for learning purposes has become an imperative challenge for real-world identification such as autonomous driving systems. A wide variety of solutions using deep learning have been proposed for point cloud segmentation, object detection, and classification. These methods, however, often require a considerable number of model parameters and are computationally expensive. We study a semantic dimension of given 3D data points and propose an efficient method called Meta-Semantic Learning (Meta-SeL). Meta-SeL is an integrated framework that leverages two input 3D local points (input 3D models and part-segmentation labels), providing a time and cost-efficient, and precise projection model for a number of 3D recognition tasks. The results indicate that Meta-SeL yields competitive performance in comparison with other complex state-of-the-art work. Moreover, being random shuffle invariant, Meta-SeL is resilient to translation as well as jittering noise.      
### 15.CogVideo: Large-scale Pretraining for Text-to-Video Generation via Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15868.pdf)
>  Large-scale pretrained transformers have created milestones in text (GPT-3) and text-to-image (DALL-E and CogView) generation. Its application to video generation is still facing many challenges: The potential huge computation cost makes the training from scratch unaffordable; The scarcity and weak relevance of text-video datasets hinder the model understanding complex movement semantics. In this work, we present 9B-parameter transformer CogVideo, trained by inheriting a pretrained text-to-image model, CogView2. We also propose multi-frame-rate hierarchical training strategy to better align text and video clips. As (probably) the first open-source large-scale pretrained text-to-video model, CogVideo outperforms all publicly available models at a large margin in machine and human evaluations.      
### 16.Median Pixel Difference Convolutional Network for Robust Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15867.pdf)
>  Face recognition is one of the most active tasks in computer vision and has been widely used in the real world. With great advances made in convolutional neural networks (CNN), lots of face recognition algorithms have achieved high accuracy on various face datasets. However, existing face recognition algorithms based on CNNs are vulnerable to noise. Noise corrupted image patterns could lead to false activations, significantly decreasing face recognition accuracy in noisy situations. To equip CNNs with built-in robustness to noise of different levels, we proposed a Median Pixel Difference Convolutional Network (MeDiNet) by replacing some traditional convolutional layers with the proposed novel Median Pixel Difference Convolutional Layer (MeDiConv) layer. The proposed MeDiNet integrates the idea of traditional multiscale median filtering with deep CNNs. The MeDiNet is tested on the four face datasets (LFW, CA-LFW, CP-LFW, and YTF) with versatile settings on blur kernels, noise intensities, scales, and JPEG quality factors. Extensive experiments show that our MeDiNet can effectively remove noisy pixels in the feature map and suppress the negative impact of noise, leading to achieving limited accuracy loss under these practical noises compared with the standard CNN under clean conditions.      
### 17.A Review of Mobile Mapping Systems: From Sensors to Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15865.pdf)
>  The evolution of mobile mapping systems (MMSs) has gained more attention in the past few decades. MMSs have been widely used to provide valuable assets in different applications. This has been facilitated by the wide availability of low-cost sensors, the advances in computational resources, the maturity of the mapping algorithms, and the need for accurate and on-demand geographic information system (GIS) data and digital maps. Many MMSs combine hybrid sensors to provide a more informative, robust, and stable solution by complementing each other. In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of the modern MMSs by focusing on 1) the types of sensors and platforms, where we discuss their capabilities, limitations, and also provide a comprehensive overview of recent MMS technologies available in the market, 2) highlighting the general workflow to process any MMS data, 3) identifying the different use cases of mobile mapping technology by reviewing some of the common applications, and 4) presenting a discussion on the benefits, challenges, and share our views on the potential research directions.      
### 18.Braille Letter Reading: A Benchmark for Spatio-Temporal Pattern Recognition on Neuromorphic Hardware  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15864.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal pattern recognition is a fundamental ability of the brain which is required for numerous real-world applications. Recent deep learning approaches have reached outstanding accuracy in such tasks, but their implementation on conventional embedded solutions is still very computationally and energy expensive. Tactile sensing in robotic applications is a representative example where real-time processing and energy-efficiency are required. Following a brain-inspired computing approach, we propose a new benchmark for spatio-temporal tactile pattern recognition at the edge through braille letters reading. We recorded a new braille letters dataset based on the capacitive tactile sensors/fingertip of the iCub robot, then we investigated the importance of temporal information and the impact of event-based encoding for spike-based/event-based computation. Afterwards, we trained and compared feed-forward and recurrent spiking neural networks (SNNs) offline using back-propagation through time with surrogate gradients, then we deployed them on the Intel Loihi neuromorphic chip for fast and efficient inference. We confronted our approach to standard classifiers, in particular to a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) deployed on the embedded Nvidia Jetson GPU in terms of classification accuracy, power/energy consumption and computational delay. Our results show that the LSTM outperforms the recurrent SNN in terms of accuracy by 14%. However, the recurrent SNN on Loihi is 237 times more energy-efficient than the LSTM on Jetson, requiring an average power of only 31mW. This work proposes a new benchmark for tactile sensing and highlights the challenges and opportunities of event-based encoding, neuromorphic hardware and spike-based computing for spatio-temporal pattern recognition at the edge.      
### 19.Snapture -- A Novel Neural Architecture for Combined Static and Dynamic Hand Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15862.pdf)
>  As robots are expected to get more involved in people's everyday lives, frameworks that enable intuitive user interfaces are in demand. Hand gesture recognition systems provide a natural way of communication and, thus, are an integral part of seamless Human-Robot Interaction (HRI). Recent years have witnessed an immense evolution of computational models powered by deep learning. However, state-of-the-art models fall short in expanding across different gesture domains, such as emblems and co-speech. In this paper, we propose a novel hybrid hand gesture recognition system. Our architecture enables learning both static and dynamic gestures: by capturing a so-called "snapshot" of the gesture performance at its peak, we integrate the hand pose along with the dynamic movement. Moreover, we present a method for analyzing the motion profile of a gesture to uncover its dynamic characteristics and which allows regulating a static channel based on the amount of motion. Our evaluation demonstrates the superiority of our approach on two gesture benchmarks compared to a CNNLSTM baseline. We also provide an analysis on a gesture class basis that unveils the potential of our Snapture architecture for performance improvements. Thanks to its modular implementation, our framework allows the integration of other multimodal data like facial expressions and head tracking, which are important cues in HRI scenarios, into one architecture. Thus, our work contributes both to gesture recognition research and machine learning applications for non-verbal communication with robots.      
### 20.Geo-Neus: Geometry-Consistent Neural Implicit Surfaces Learning for Multi-view Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15848.pdf)
>  Recently, neural implicit surfaces learning by volume rendering has become popular for multi-view reconstruction. However, one key challenge remains: existing approaches lack explicit multi-view geometry constraints, hence usually fail to generate geometry consistent surface reconstruction. To address this challenge, we propose geometry-consistent neural implicit surfaces learning for multi-view reconstruction. We theoretically analyze that there exists a gap between the volume rendering integral and point-based signed distance function (SDF) modeling. To bridge this gap, we directly locate the zero-level set of SDF networks and explicitly perform multi-view geometry optimization by leveraging the sparse geometry from structure from motion (SFM) and photometric consistency in multi-view stereo. This makes our SDF optimization unbiased and allows the multi-view geometry constraints to focus on the true surface optimization. Extensive experiments show that our proposed method achieves high-quality surface reconstruction in both complex thin structures and large smooth regions, thus outperforming the state-of-the-arts by a large margin.      
### 21.D$^2$NeRF: Self-Supervised Decoupling of Dynamic and Static Objects from a Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15838.pdf)
>  Given a monocular video, segmenting and decoupling dynamic objects while recovering the static environment is a widely studied problem in machine intelligence. Existing solutions usually approach this problem in the image domain, limiting their performance and understanding of the environment. We introduce Decoupled Dynamic Neural Radiance Field (D$^2$NeRF), a self-supervised approach that takes a monocular video and learns a 3D scene representation which decouples moving objects, including their shadows, from the static background. Our method represents the moving objects and the static background by two separate neural radiance fields with only one allowing for temporal changes. A naive implementation of this approach leads to the dynamic component taking over the static one as the representation of the former is inherently more general and prone to overfitting. To this end, we propose a novel loss to promote correct separation of phenomena. We further propose a shadow field network to detect and decouple dynamically moving shadows. We introduce a new dataset containing various dynamic objects and shadows and demonstrate that our method can achieve better performance than state-of-the-art approaches in decoupling dynamic and static 3D objects, occlusion and shadow removal, and image segmentation for moving objects.      
### 22.Surface Analysis with Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15836.pdf)
>  The extension of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to non-Euclidean geometries has led to multiple frameworks for studying manifolds. Many of those methods have shown design limitations resulting in poor modelling of long-range associations, as the generalisation of convolutions to irregular surfaces is non-trivial. Recent state-of-the-art performance of Vision Transformers (ViTs) demonstrates that a general-purpose architecture, which implements self-attention, could replace the local feature learning operations of CNNs. Motivated by the success of attention-modelling in computer vision, we extend ViTs to surfaces by reformulating the task of surface learning as a sequence-to-sequence problem and propose a patching mechanism for surface meshes. We validate the performance of the proposed Surface Vision Transformer (SiT) on two brain age prediction tasks in the developing Human Connectome Project (dHCP) dataset and investigate the impact of pre-training on model performance. Experiments show that the SiT outperforms many surface CNNs, while indicating some evidence of general transformation invariance. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/metrics-lab/surface-vision-transformers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 23.Unsupervised Image Representation Learning with Deep Latent Particles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15821.pdf)
>  We propose a new representation of visual data that disentangles object position from appearance. Our method, termed Deep Latent Particles (DLP), decomposes the visual input into low-dimensional latent ``particles'', where each particle is described by its spatial location and features of its surrounding region. To drive learning of such representations, we follow a VAE-based approach and introduce a prior for particle positions based on a spatial-softmax architecture, and a modification of the evidence lower bound loss inspired by the Chamfer distance between particles. We demonstrate that our DLP representations are useful for downstream tasks such as unsupervised keypoint (KP) detection, image manipulation, and video prediction for scenes composed of multiple dynamic objects. In addition, we show that our probabilistic interpretation of the problem naturally provides uncertainty estimates for particle locations, which can be used for model selection, among other tasks. Videos and code are available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://taldatech.github.io/deep-latent-particles-web/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.Contrasting quadratic assignments for set-based representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15814.pdf)
>  The standard approach to contrastive learning is to maximize the agreement between different views of the data. The views are ordered in pairs, such that they are either positive, encoding different views of the same object, or negative, corresponding to views of different objects. The supervisory signal comes from maximizing the total similarity over positive pairs, while the negative pairs are needed to avoid collapse. In this work, we note that the approach of considering individual pairs cannot account for both intra-set and inter-set similarities when the sets are formed from the views of the data. It thus limits the information content of the supervisory signal available to train representations. We propose to go beyond contrasting individual pairs of objects by focusing on contrasting objects as sets. For this, we use combinatorial quadratic assignment theory designed to evaluate set and graph similarities and derive set-contrastive objective as a regularizer for contrastive learning methods. We conduct experiments and demonstrate that our method improves learned representations for the tasks of metric learning and self-supervised classification.      
### 25.A Survey of Deep Fake Detection for Trial Courts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15792.pdf)
>  Recently, image manipulation has achieved rapid growth due to the advancement of sophisticated image editing tools. A recent surge of generated fake imagery and videos using neural networks is DeepFake. DeepFake algorithms can create fake images and videos that humans cannot distinguish from authentic ones. (GANs) have been extensively used for creating realistic images without accessing the original images. Therefore, it is become essential to detect fake videos to avoid spreading false information. This paper presents a survey of methods used to detect DeepFakes and datasets available for detecting DeepFakes in the literature to date. We present extensive discussions and research trends related to DeepFake technologies.      
### 26.Co-Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation of Semantic Segmentation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15781.pdf)
>  Semantic image segmentation is addressed by training deep models. Since supervised training draws to a curse of human-based image labeling, using synthetic images with automatically generated ground truth together with unlabeled real-world images is a promising alternative. This implies to address an unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) problem. In this paper, we proposed a new co-training process for synth-to-real UDA of semantic segmentation models. First, we design a self-training procedure which provides two initial models. Then, we keep training these models in a collaborative manner for obtaining the final model. The overall process treats the deep models as black boxes and drives their collaboration at the level of pseudo-labeled target images, {\ie}, neither modifying loss functions is required, nor explicit feature alignment. We test our proposal on standard synthetic and real-world datasets. Our co-training shows improvements of 15-20 percentage points of mIoU over baselines, so establishing new state-of-the-art results.      
### 27.SAMURAI: Shape And Material from Unconstrained Real-world Arbitrary Image collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15768.pdf)
>  Inverse rendering of an object under entirely unknown capture conditions is a fundamental challenge in computer vision and graphics. Neural approaches such as NeRF have achieved photorealistic results on novel view synthesis, but they require known camera poses. Solving this problem with unknown camera poses is highly challenging as it requires joint optimization over shape, radiance, and pose. This problem is exacerbated when the input images are captured in the wild with varying backgrounds and illuminations. Standard pose estimation techniques fail in such image collections in the wild due to very few estimated correspondences across images. Furthermore, NeRF cannot relight a scene under any illumination, as it operates on radiance (the product of reflectance and illumination). We propose a joint optimization framework to estimate the shape, BRDF, and per-image camera pose and illumination. Our method works on in-the-wild online image collections of an object and produces relightable 3D assets for several use-cases such as AR/VR. To our knowledge, our method is the first to tackle this severely unconstrained task with minimal user interaction. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://markboss.me/publication/2022-samurai/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> Video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/LlYuGDjXp-8" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.SymFormer: End-to-end symbolic regression using transformer-based architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15764.pdf)
>  Many real-world problems can be naturally described by mathematical formulas. The task of finding formulas from a set of observed inputs and outputs is called symbolic regression. Recently, neural networks have been applied to symbolic regression, among which the transformer-based ones seem to be the most promising. After training the transformer on a large number of formulas (in the order of days), the actual inference, i.e., finding a formula for new, unseen data, is very fast (in the order of seconds). This is considerably faster than state-of-the-art evolutionary methods. The main drawback of transformers is that they generate formulas without numerical constants, which have to be optimized separately, so yielding suboptimal results. We propose a transformer-based approach called SymFormer, which predicts the formula by outputting the individual symbols and the corresponding constants simultaneously. This leads to better performance in terms of fitting the available data. In addition, the constants provided by SymFormer serve as a good starting point for subsequent tuning via gradient descent to further improve the performance. We show on a set of benchmarks that SymFormer outperforms two state-of-the-art methods while having faster inference.      
### 29.Investigating the Role of Image Retrieval for Visual Localization -- An exhaustive benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15761.pdf)
>  Visual localization, i.e., camera pose estimation in a known scene, is a core component of technologies such as autonomous driving and augmented reality. State-of-the-art localization approaches often rely on image retrieval techniques for one of two purposes: (1) provide an approximate pose estimate or (2) determine which parts of the scene are potentially visible in a given query image. It is common practice to use state-of-the-art image retrieval algorithms for both of them. These algorithms are often trained for the goal of retrieving the same landmark under a large range of viewpoint changes which often differs from the requirements of visual localization. In order to investigate the consequences for visual localization, this paper focuses on understanding the role of image retrieval for multiple visual localization paradigms. First, we introduce a novel benchmark setup and compare state-of-the-art retrieval representations on multiple datasets using localization performance as metric. Second, we investigate several definitions of "ground truth" for image retrieval. Using these definitions as upper bounds for the visual localization paradigms, we show that there is still sgnificant room for improvement. Third, using these tools and in-depth analysis, we show that retrieval performance on classical landmark retrieval or place recognition tasks correlates only for some but not all paradigms to localization performance. Finally, we analyze the effects of blur and dynamic scenes in the images. We conclude that there is a need for retrieval approaches specifically designed for localization paradigms. Our benchmark and evaluation protocols are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/naver/kapture-localization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Transformers for Multi-Object Tracking on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15730.pdf)
>  We present TransMOT, a novel transformer-based end-to-end trainable online tracker and detector for point cloud data. The model utilizes a cross- and a self-attention mechanism and is applicable to lidar data in an automotive context, as well as other data types, such as radar. Both track management and the detection of new tracks are performed by the same transformer decoder module and the tracker state is encoded in feature space. With this approach, we make use of the rich latent space of the detector for tracking rather than relying on low-dimensional bounding boxes. Still, we are able to retain some of the desirable properties of traditional Kalman-filter based approaches, such as an ability to handle sensor input at arbitrary timesteps or to compensate frame skips. This is possible due to a novel module that transforms the track information from one frame to the next on feature-level and thereby fulfills a similar task as the prediction step of a Kalman filter. Results are presented on the challenging real-world dataset nuScenes, where the proposed model outperforms its Kalman filter-based tracking baseline.      
### 31.DeVRF: Fast Deformable Voxel Radiance Fields for Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15723.pdf)
>  Modeling dynamic scenes is important for many applications such as virtual reality and telepresence. Despite achieving unprecedented fidelity for novel view synthesis in dynamic scenes, existing methods based on Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) suffer from slow convergence (i.e., model training time measured in days). In this paper, we present DeVRF, a novel representation to accelerate learning dynamic radiance fields. The core of DeVRF is to model both the 3D canonical space and 4D deformation field of a dynamic, non-rigid scene with explicit and discrete voxel-based representations. However, it is quite challenging to train such a representation which has a large number of model parameters, often resulting in overfitting issues. To overcome this challenge, we devise a novel static-to-dynamic learning paradigm together with a new data capture setup that is convenient to deploy in practice. This paradigm unlocks efficient learning of deformable radiance fields via utilizing the 3D volumetric canonical space learnt from multi-view static images to ease the learning of 4D voxel deformation field with only few-view dynamic sequences. To further improve the efficiency of our DeVRF and its synthesized novel view's quality, we conduct thorough explorations and identify a set of strategies. We evaluate DeVRF on both synthetic and real-world dynamic scenes with different types of deformation. Experiments demonstrate that DeVRF achieves two orders of magnitude speedup (100x faster) with on-par high-fidelity results compared to the previous state-of-the-art approaches. The code and dataset will be released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/showlab/DeVRF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.One Loss for Quantization: Deep Hashing with Discrete Wasserstein Distributional Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15721.pdf)
>  Image hashing is a principled approximate nearest neighbor approach to find similar items to a query in a large collection of images. Hashing aims to learn a binary-output function that maps an image to a binary vector. For optimal retrieval performance, producing balanced hash codes with low-quantization error to bridge the gap between the learning stage's continuous relaxation and the inference stage's discrete quantization is important. However, in the existing deep supervised hashing methods, coding balance and low-quantization error are difficult to achieve and involve several losses. We argue that this is because the existing quantization approaches in these methods are heuristically constructed and not effective to achieve these objectives. This paper considers an alternative approach to learning the quantization constraints. The task of learning balanced codes with low quantization error is re-formulated as matching the learned distribution of the continuous codes to a pre-defined discrete, uniform distribution. This is equivalent to minimizing the distance between two distributions. We then propose a computationally efficient distributional distance by leveraging the discrete property of the hash functions. This distributional distance is a valid distance and enjoys lower time and sample complexities. The proposed single-loss quantization objective can be integrated into any existing supervised hashing method to improve code balance and quantization error. Experiments confirm that the proposed approach substantially improves the performance of several representative hashing~methods.      
### 33.Self-Supervised Learning for Building Damage Assessment from Large-scale xBD Satellite Imagery Benchmark Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15688.pdf)
>  In the field of post-disaster assessment, for timely and accurate rescue and localization after a disaster, people need to know the location of damaged buildings. In deep learning, some scholars have proposed methods to make automatic and highly accurate building damage assessments by remote sensing images, which are proved to be more efficient than assessment by domain experts. However, due to the lack of a large amount of labeled data, these kinds of tasks can suffer from being able to do an accurate assessment, as the efficiency of deep learning models relies highly on labeled data. Although existing semi-supervised and unsupervised studies have made breakthroughs in this area, none of them has completely solved this problem. Therefore, we propose adopting a self-supervised comparative learning approach to address the task without the requirement of labeled data. We constructed a novel asymmetric twin network architecture and tested its performance on the xBD dataset. Experiment results of our model show the improvement compared to baseline and commonly used methods. We also demonstrated the potential of self-supervised methods for building damage recognition awareness.      
### 34.ViT-BEVSeg: A Hierarchical Transformer Network for Monocular Birds-Eye-View Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15667.pdf)
>  Generating a detailed near-field perceptual model of the environment is an important and challenging problem in both self-driving vehicles and autonomous mobile robotics. A Bird Eye View (BEV) map, providing a panoptic representation, is a commonly used approach that provides a simplified 2D representation of the vehicle surroundings with accurate semantic level segmentation for many downstream tasks. Current state-of-the art approaches to generate BEV-maps employ a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) backbone to create feature-maps which are passed through a spatial transformer to project the derived features onto the BEV coordinate frame. In this paper, we evaluate the use of vision transformers (ViT) as a backbone architecture to generate BEV maps. Our network architecture, ViT-BEVSeg, employs standard vision transformers to generate a multi-scale representation of the input image. The resulting representation is then provided as an input to a spatial transformer decoder module which outputs segmentation maps in the BEV grid. We evaluate our approach on the nuScenes dataset demonstrating a considerable improvement in the performance relative to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 35.Contrastive Centroid Supervision Alleviates Domain Shift in Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15658.pdf)
>  Deep learning based medical imaging classification models usually suffer from the domain shift problem, where the classification performance drops when training data and real-world data differ in imaging equipment manufacturer, image acquisition protocol, patient populations, etc. We propose Feature Centroid Contrast Learning (FCCL), which can improve target domain classification performance by extra supervision during training with contrastive loss between instance and class centroid. Compared with current unsupervised domain adaptation and domain generalization methods, FCCL performs better while only requires labeled image data from a single source domain and no target domain. We verify through extensive experiments that FCCL can achieve superior performance on at least three imaging modalities, i.e. fundus photographs, dermatoscopic images, and H &amp; E tissue images.      
### 36.Bag of Tricks for Domain Adaptive Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15609.pdf)
>  In this paper, SIA_Track is presented which is developed by a research team from SI Analytics. The proposed method was built from pre-existing detector and tracker under the tracking-by-detection paradigm. The tracker we used is an online tracker that merely links newly received detections with existing tracks. The core part of our method is training procedure of the object detector where synthetic and unlabeled real data were only used for training. To maximize the performance on real data, we first propose to use pseudo-labeling that generates imperfect labels for real data using a model trained with synthetic dataset. After that model soups scheme was applied to aggregate weights produced during iterative pseudo-labeling. Besides, cross-domain mixed sampling also helped to increase detection performance on real data. Our method, SIA_Track, takes the first place on MOTSynth2MOT17 track at BMTT 2022 challenge. The code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SIAnalytics/BMTT2022_SIA_track" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Weakly-supervised Action Transition Learning for Stochastic Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15608.pdf)
>  We introduce the task of action-driven stochastic human motion prediction, which aims to predict multiple plausible future motions given a sequence of action labels and a short motion history. This differs from existing works, which predict motions that either do not respect any specific action category, or follow a single action label. In particular, addressing this task requires tackling two challenges: The transitions between the different actions must be smooth; the length of the predicted motion depends on the action sequence and varies significantly across samples. As we cannot realistically expect training data to cover sufficiently diverse action transitions and motion lengths, we propose an effective training strategy consisting of combining multiple motions from different actions and introducing a weak form of supervision to encourage smooth transitions. We then design a VAE-based model conditioned on both the observed motion and the action label sequence, allowing us to generate multiple plausible future motions of varying length. We illustrate the generality of our approach by exploring its use with two different temporal encoding models, namely RNNs and Transformers. Our approach outperforms baseline models constructed by adapting state-of-the-art single action-conditioned motion generation methods and stochastic human motion prediction approaches to our new task of action-driven stochastic motion prediction. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wei-mao-2019/WAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Novel View Synthesis for High-fidelity Headshot Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15595.pdf)
>  Rendering scenes with a high-quality human face from arbitrary viewpoints is a practical and useful technique for many real-world applications. Recently, Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF), a rendering technique that uses neural networks to approximate classical ray tracing, have been considered as one of the promising approaches for synthesizing novel views from a sparse set of images. We find that NeRF can render new views while maintaining geometric consistency, but it does not properly maintain skin details, such as moles and pores. These details are important particularly for faces because when we look at an image of a face, we are much more sensitive to details than when we look at other objects. On the other hand, 3D Morpable Models (3DMMs) based on traditional meshes and textures can perform well in terms of skin detail despite that it has less precise geometry and cannot cover the head and the entire scene with background. Based on these observations, we propose a method to use both NeRF and 3DMM to synthesize a high-fidelity novel view of a scene with a face. Our method learns a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) to mix a NeRF-synthesized image and a 3DMM-rendered image and produces a photorealistic scene with a face preserving the skin details. Experiments with various real-world scenes demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. The code will be available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/showlab/headshot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 39.Decomposing NeRF for Editing via Feature Field Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15585.pdf)
>  Emerging neural radiance fields (NeRF) are a promising scene representation for computer graphics, enabling high-quality 3D reconstruction and novel view synthesis from image observations. However, editing a scene represented by a NeRF is challenging, as the underlying connectionist representations such as MLPs or voxel grids are not object-centric or compositional. In particular, it has been difficult to selectively edit specific regions or objects. In this work, we tackle the problem of semantic scene decomposition of NeRFs to enable query-based local editing of the represented 3D scenes. We propose to distill the knowledge of off-the-shelf, self-supervised 2D image feature extractors such as CLIP-LSeg or DINO into a 3D feature field optimized in parallel to the radiance field. Given a user-specified query of various modalities such as text, an image patch, or a point-and-click selection, 3D feature fields semantically decompose 3D space without the need for re-training and enable us to semantically select and edit regions in the radiance field. Our experiments validate that the distilled feature fields (DFFs) can transfer recent progress in 2D vision and language foundation models to 3D scene representations, enabling convincing 3D segmentation and selective editing of emerging neural graphics representations.      
### 40.An Effective Fusion Method to Enhance the Robustness of CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15582.pdf)
>  With the development of technology rapidly, applications of convolutional neural networks have improved the convenience of our life. However, in image classification field, it has been found that when some perturbations are added to images, the CNN would misclassify it. Thus various defense methods have been proposed. The previous approach only considered how to incorporate modules in the network to improve robustness, but did not focus on the way the modules were incorporated. In this paper, we design a new fusion method to enhance the robustness of CNN. We use a dot product-based approach to add the denoising module to ResNet18 and the attention mechanism to further improve the robustness of the model. The experimental results on CIFAR10 have shown that our method is effective and better than the state-of-the-art methods under the attack of FGSM and PGD.      
### 41.MontageGAN: Generation and Assembly of Multiple Components by GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15577.pdf)
>  A multi-layer image is more valuable than a single-layer image from a graphic designer's perspective. However, most of the proposed image generation methods so far focus on single-layer images. In this paper, we propose MontageGAN, which is a Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) framework for generating multi-layer images. Our method utilized a two-step approach consisting of local GANs and global GAN. Each local GAN learns to generate a specific image layer, and the global GAN learns the placement of each generated image layer. Through our experiments, we show the ability of our method to generate multi-layer images and estimate the placement of the generated image layers.      
### 42.3PSDF: Three-Pole Signed Distance Function for Learning Surfaces with Arbitrary Topologies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15572.pdf)
>  Recent advances in learning 3D shapes using neural implicit functions have achieved impressive results by breaking the previous barrier of resolution and diversity for varying topologies. However, most of such approaches are limited to closed surfaces as they require the space to be divided into inside and outside. More recent works based on unsigned distance function have been proposed to handle complex geometry containing both the open and closed surfaces. Nonetheless, as their direct outputs are point clouds, robustly obtaining high-quality meshing results from discrete points remains an open question. We present a novel learnable implicit representation, called the three-pole signed distance function (3PSDF), that can represent non-watertight 3D shapes with arbitrary topologies while supporting easy field-to-mesh conversion using the classic Marching Cubes algorithm. The key to our method is the introduction of a new sign, the NULL sign, in addition to the conventional in and out labels. The existence of the null sign could stop the formation of a closed isosurface derived from the bisector of the in/out regions. Further, we propose a dedicated learning framework to effectively learn 3PSDF without worrying about the vanishing gradient due to the null labels. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods in a wide range of benchmarks both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 43.Hierarchical Spherical CNNs with Lifting-based Adaptive Wavelets for Pooling and Unpooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15571.pdf)
>  Pooling and unpooling are two essential operations in constructing hierarchical spherical convolutional neural networks (HS-CNNs) for comprehensive feature learning in the spherical domain. Most existing models employ downsampling-based pooling, which will inevitably incur information loss and cannot adapt to different spherical signals and tasks. Besides, the preserved information after pooling cannot be well restored by the subsequent unpooling to characterize the desirable features for a task. In this paper, we propose a novel framework of HS-CNNs with a lifting structure to learn adaptive spherical wavelets for pooling and unpooling, dubbed LiftHS-CNN, which ensures a more efficient hierarchical feature learning for both image- and pixel-level tasks. Specifically, adaptive spherical wavelets are learned with a lifting structure that consists of trainable lifting operators (i.e., update and predict operators). With this learnable lifting structure, we can adaptively partition a signal into two sub-bands containing low- and high-frequency components, respectively, and thus generate a better down-scaled representation for pooling by preserving more information in the low-frequency sub-band. The update and predict operators are parameterized with graph-based attention to jointly consider the signal's characteristics and the underlying geometries. We further show that particular properties are promised by the learned wavelets, ensuring the spatial-frequency localization for better exploiting the signal's correlation in both spatial and frequency domains. We then propose an unpooling operation that is invertible to the lifting-based pooling, where an inverse wavelet transform is performed by using the learned lifting operators to restore an up-scaled representation. Extensive empirical evaluations on various spherical domain tasks validate the superiority of the proposed LiftHS-CNN.      
### 44.Sub-Image Histogram Equalization using Coot Optimization Algorithm for Segmentation and Parameter Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15565.pdf)
>  Contrast enhancement is very important in terms of assessing images in an objective way. Contrast enhancement is also significant for various algorithms including supervised and unsupervised algorithms for accurate classification of samples. Some contrast enhancement algorithms solve this problem by addressing the low contrast issue. Mean and variance based sub-image histogram equalization (MVSIHE) algorithm is one of these contrast enhancements methods proposed in the literature. It has different parameters which need to be tuned in order to achieve optimum results. With this motivation, in this study, we employed one of the most recent optimization algorithms, namely, coot optimization algorithm (COA) for selecting appropriate parameters for the MVSIHE algorithm. Blind/referenceless image spatial quality evaluator (BRISQUE) and natural image quality evaluator (NIQE) metrics are used for evaluating fitness of the coot swarm population. The results show that the proposed method can be used in the field of biomedical image processing.      
### 45.iFS-RCNN: An Incremental Few-shot Instance Segmenter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15562.pdf)
>  This paper addresses incremental few-shot instance segmentation, where a few examples of new object classes arrive when access to training examples of old classes is not available anymore, and the goal is to perform well on both old and new classes. We make two contributions by extending the common Mask-RCNN framework in its second stage -- namely, we specify a new object class classifier based on the probit function and a new uncertainty-guided bounding-box predictor. The former leverages Bayesian learning to address a paucity of training examples of new classes. The latter learns not only to predict object bounding boxes but also to estimate the uncertainty of the prediction as guidance for bounding box refinement. We also specify two new loss functions in terms of the estimated object-class distribution and bounding-box uncertainty. Our contributions produce significant performance gains on the COCO dataset over the state of the art -- specifically, the gain of +6 on the new classes and +16 on the old classes in the AP instance segmentation metric. Furthermore, we are the first to evaluate the incremental few-shot setting on the more challenging LVIS dataset.      
### 46.Mask2Hand: Learning to Predict the 3D Hand Pose and Shape from Shadow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15553.pdf)
>  We present a self-trainable method, Mask2Hand, which learns to solve the challenging task of predicting 3D hand pose and shape from a 2D binary mask of hand silhouette/shadow without additional manually-annotated data. Given the intrinsic camera parameters and the parametric hand model in the camera space, we adopt the differentiable rendering technique to project 3D estimations onto the 2D binary silhouette space. By applying a tailored combination of losses between the rendered silhouette and the input binary mask, we are able to integrate the self-guidance mechanism into our end-to-end optimization process for constraining global mesh registration and hand pose estimation. The experiments show that our method, which takes a single binary mask as the input, can achieve comparable prediction accuracy on both unaligned and aligned settings as state-of-the-art methods that require RGB or depth inputs.      
### 47.DeepDefacer: Automatic Removal of Facial Features via U-Net Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15536.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in the field of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) have enabled large-scale collaboration among clinicians and researchers for neuroimaging tasks. However, researchers are often forced to use outdated and slow software to anonymize MRI images for publication. These programs specifically perform expensive mathematical operations over 3D images that rapidly slow down anonymization speed as an image's volume increases in size. In this paper, we introduce DeepDefacer, an application of deep learning to MRI anonymization that uses a streamlined 3D U-Net network to mask facial regions in MRI images with a significant increase in speed over traditional de-identification software. We train DeepDefacer on MRI images from the Brain Development Organization (IXI) and International Consortium for Brain Mapping (ICBM) and quantitatively evaluate our model against a baseline 3D U-Net model with regards to Dice, recall, and precision scores. We also evaluate DeepDefacer against Pydeface, a traditional defacing application, with regards to speed on a range of CPU and GPU devices and qualitatively evaluate our model's defaced output versus the ground truth images produced by Pydeface. We provide a link to a PyPi program at the end of this manuscript to encourage further research into the application of deep learning to MRI anonymization.      
### 48.itKD: Interchange Transfer-based Knowledge Distillation for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15531.pdf)
>  Recently, point-cloud based 3D object detectors have achieved remarkable progress. However, most studies are limited to the development of deep learning architectures for improving only their accuracy. In this paper, we propose an autoencoder-style framework comprising channel-wise compression and decompression via interchange transfer for knowledge distillation. To learn the map-view feature of a teacher network, the features from a teacher and student network are independently passed through the shared autoencoder; here, we use a compressed representation loss that binds the channel-wised compression knowledge from both the networks as a kind of regularization. The decompressed features are transferred in opposite directions to reduce the gap in the interchange reconstructions. Lastly, we present an attentive head loss for matching the pivotal detection information drawn by the multi-head self-attention mechanism. Through extensive experiments, we verify that our method can learn the lightweight model that is well-aligned with the 3D point cloud detection task and we demonstrate its superiority using the well-known public datasets Waymo and nuScenes.      
### 49.Pseudo-Data based Self-Supervised Federated Learning for Classification of Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15530.pdf)
>  Computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) can help pathologists improve diagnostic accuracy together with consistency and repeatability for cancers. However, the CAD models trained with the histopathological images only from a single center (hospital) generally suffer from the generalization problem due to the straining inconsistencies among different centers. In this work, we propose a pseudo-data based self-supervised federated learning (FL) framework, named SSL-FT-BT, to improve both the diagnostic accuracy and generalization of CAD models. Specifically, the pseudo histopathological images are generated from each center, which contains inherent and specific properties corresponding to the real images in this center, but does not include the privacy information. These pseudo images are then shared in the central server for self-supervised learning (SSL). A multi-task SSL is then designed to fully learn both the center-specific information and common inherent representation according to the data characteristics. Moreover, a novel Barlow Twins based FL (FL-BT) algorithm is proposed to improve the local training for the CAD model in each center by conducting contrastive learning, which benefits the optimization of the global model in the FL procedure. The experimental results on three public histopathological image datasets indicate the effectiveness of the proposed SSL-FL-BT on both diagnostic accuracy and generalization.      
### 50.IDE-3D: Interactive Disentangled Editing for High-Resolution 3D-aware Portrait Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15517.pdf)
>  Existing 3D-aware facial generation methods face a dilemma in quality versus editability: they either generate editable results in low resolution or high-quality ones with no editing flexibility. In this work, we propose a new approach that brings the best of both worlds together. Our system consists of three major components: (1) a 3D-semantics-aware generative model that produces view-consistent, disentangled face images and semantic masks; (2) a hybrid GAN inversion approach that initialize the latent codes from the semantic and texture encoder, and further optimized them for faithful reconstruction; and (3) a canonical editor that enables efficient manipulation of semantic masks in canonical view and product high-quality editing results. Our approach is competent for many applications, e.g. free-view face drawing, editing, and style control. Both quantitative and qualitative results show that our method reaches the state-of-the-art in terms of photorealism, faithfulness, and efficiency.      
### 51.ADAPT: Vision-Language Navigation with Modality-Aligned Action Prompts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15509.pdf)
>  Vision-Language Navigation (VLN) is a challenging task that requires an embodied agent to perform action-level modality alignment, i.e., make instruction-asked actions sequentially in complex visual environments. Most existing VLN agents learn the instruction-path data directly and cannot sufficiently explore action-level alignment knowledge inside the multi-modal inputs. In this paper, we propose modAlity-aligneD Action PrompTs (ADAPT), which provides the VLN agent with action prompts to enable the explicit learning of action-level modality alignment to pursue successful navigation. Specifically, an action prompt is defined as a modality-aligned pair of an image sub-prompt and a text sub-prompt, where the former is a single-view observation and the latter is a phrase like ''walk past the chair''. When starting navigation, the instruction-related action prompt set is retrieved from a pre-built action prompt base and passed through a prompt encoder to obtain the prompt feature. Then the prompt feature is concatenated with the original instruction feature and fed to a multi-layer transformer for action prediction. To collect high-quality action prompts into the prompt base, we use the Contrastive Language-Image Pretraining (CLIP) model which has powerful cross-modality alignment ability. A modality alignment loss and a sequential consistency loss are further introduced to enhance the alignment of the action prompt and enforce the agent to focus on the related prompt sequentially. Experimental results on both R2R and RxR show the superiority of ADAPT over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 52.Joint Spatial-Temporal and Appearance Modeling with Transformer for Multiple Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15495.pdf)
>  The recent trend in multiple object tracking (MOT) is heading towards leveraging deep learning to boost the tracking performance. In this paper, we propose a novel solution named TransSTAM, which leverages Transformer to effectively model both the appearance features of each object and the spatial-temporal relationships among objects. TransSTAM consists of two major parts: (1) The encoder utilizes the powerful self-attention mechanism of Transformer to learn discriminative features for each tracklet; (2) The decoder adopts the standard cross-attention mechanism to model the affinities between the tracklets and the detections by taking both spatial-temporal and appearance features into account. TransSTAM has two major advantages: (1) It is solely based on the encoder-decoder architecture and enjoys a compact network design, hence being computationally efficient; (2) It can effectively learn spatial-temporal and appearance features within one model, hence achieving better tracking accuracy. The proposed method is evaluated on multiple public benchmarks including MOT16, MOT17, and MOT20, and it achieves a clear performance improvement in both IDF1 and HOTA with respect to previous state-of-the-art approaches on all the benchmarks. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/icicle4/TranSTAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 53.Introduction of a tree-based technique for efficient and real-time label retrieval in the object tracking system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15477.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the issue of the real-time tracking quality of moving objects in large-scale video surveillance systems. During the tracking process, the system assigns an identifier or label to each tracked object to distinguish it from other objects. In such a mission, it is essential to keep this identifier for the same objects, whatever the area, the time of their appearance, or the detecting camera. This is to conserve as much information about the tracking object as possible, decrease the number of ID switching (ID-Sw), and increase the quality of object tracking. To accomplish object labeling, a massive amount of data collected by the cameras must be searched to retrieve the most similar (nearest neighbor) object identifier. Although this task is simple, it becomes very complex in large-scale video surveillance networks, where the data becomes very large. In this case, the label retrieval time increases significantly with this increase, which negatively affects the performance of the real-time tracking system. To avoid such problems, we propose a new solution to automatically label multiple objects for efficient real-time tracking using the indexing mechanism. This mechanism organizes the metadata of the objects extracted during the detection and tracking phase in an Adaptive BCCF-tree. The main advantage of this structure is: its ability to index massive metadata generated by multi-cameras, its logarithmic search complexity, which implicitly reduces the search response time, and its quality of research results, which ensure coherent labeling of the tracked objects. The system load is distributed through a new Internet of Video Things infrastructure-based architecture to improve data processing and real-time object tracking performance. The experimental evaluation was conducted on a publicly available dataset generated by multi-camera containing different crowd activities.      
### 54.GCoNet+: A Stronger Group Collaborative Co-Salient Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15469.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end group collaborative learning network, termed GCoNet+, which can effectively and efficiently (250 fps) identify co-salient objects in natural scenes. The proposed GCoNet+ achieves the new state-of-the-art performance for co-salient object detection (CoSOD) through mining consensus representations based on the following two essential criteria: 1) intra-group compactness to better formulate the consistency among co-salient objects by capturing their inherent shared attributes using our novel group affinity module (GAM); 2) inter-group separability to effectively suppress the influence of noisy objects on the output by introducing our new group collaborating module (GCM) conditioning on the inconsistent consensus. To further improve the accuracy, we design a series of simple yet effective components as follows: i) a recurrent auxiliary classification module (RACM) promoting the model learning at the semantic level; ii) a confidence enhancement module (CEM) helping the model to improve the quality of the final predictions; and iii) a group-based symmetric triplet (GST) loss guiding the model to learn more discriminative features. Extensive experiments on three challenging benchmarks, i.e., CoCA, CoSOD3k, and CoSal2015, demonstrate that our GCoNet+ outperforms the existing 12 cutting-edge models. Code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhengPeng7/GCoNet_plus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Few-Shot Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15463.pdf)
>  Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPM) are powerful hierarchical latent variable models with remarkable sample generation quality and training stability. These properties can be attributed to parameter sharing in the generative hierarchy, as well as a parameter-free diffusion-based inference procedure. In this paper, we present Few-Shot Diffusion Models (FSDM), a framework for few-shot generation leveraging conditional DDPMs. FSDMs are trained to adapt the generative process conditioned on a small set of images from a given class by aggregating image patch information using a set-based Vision Transformer (ViT). At test time, the model is able to generate samples from previously unseen classes conditioned on as few as 5 samples from that class. We empirically show that FSDM can perform few-shot generation and transfer to new datasets. We benchmark variants of our method on complex vision datasets for few-shot learning and compare to unconditional and conditional DDPM baselines. Additionally, we show how conditioning the model on patch-based input set information improves training convergence.      
### 56.Registering Image Volumes using 3D SIFT and Discrete SP-Symmetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15456.pdf)
>  This paper proposes to extend local image features in 3D to include invariance to discrete symmetry including inversion of spatial axes and image contrast. A binary feature sign $s \in \{-1,+1\}$ is defined as the sign of the Laplacian operator $\nabla^2$, and used to obtain a descriptor that is invariant to image sign inversion $s \rightarrow -s$ and 3D parity transforms $(x,y,z)\rightarrow(-x,-y,-z)$, i.e. SP-invariant or SP-symmetric. SP-symmetry applies to arbitrary scalar image fields $I: R^3 \rightarrow R^1$ mapping 3D coordinates $(x,y,z) \in R^3$ to scalar intensity $I(x,y,z) \in R^1$, generalizing the well-known charge conjugation and parity symmetry (CP-symmetry) applying to elementary charged particles. Feature orientation is modeled as a set of discrete states corresponding to potential axis reflections, independently of image contrast inversion. Two primary axis vectors are derived from image observations and potentially subject to reflection, and a third axis is an axial vector defined by the right-hand rule. Augmenting local feature properties with sign in addition to standard (location, scale, orientation) geometry leads to descriptors that are invariant to coordinate reflections and intensity contrast inversion. Feature properties are factored in to probabilistic point-based registration as symmetric kernels, based on a model of binary feature correspondence. Experiments using the well-known coherent point drift (CPD) algorithm demonstrate that SIFT-CPD kernels achieve the most accurate and rapid registration of the human brain and CT chest, including multiple MRI modalities of differing intensity contrast, and abnormal local variations such as tumors or occlusions. SIFT-CPD image registration is invariant to global scaling, rotation and translation and image intensity inversions of the input data.      
### 57.MVMO: A Multi-Object Dataset for Wide Baseline Multi-View Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15452.pdf)
>  We present MVMO (Multi-View, Multi-Object dataset): a synthetic dataset of 116,000 scenes containing randomly placed objects of 10 distinct classes and captured from 25 camera locations in the upper hemisphere. MVMO comprises photorealistic, path-traced image renders, together with semantic segmentation ground truth for every view. Unlike existing multi-view datasets, MVMO features wide baselines between cameras and high density of objects, which lead to large disparities, heavy occlusions and view-dependent object appearance. Single view semantic segmentation is hindered by self and inter-object occlusions that could benefit from additional viewpoints. Therefore, we expect that MVMO will propel research in multi-view semantic segmentation and cross-view semantic transfer. We also provide baselines that show that new research is needed in such fields to exploit the complementary information of multi-view setups.      
### 58.HeatER: An Efficient and Unified Network for Human Reconstruction via Heatmap-based TransformER  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15448.pdf)
>  Recently, vision transformers have shown great success in 2D human pose estimation (2D HPE), 3D human pose estimation (3D HPE), and human mesh reconstruction (HMR) tasks. In these tasks, heatmap representations of the human structural information are often extracted first from the image by a CNN, and then further processed with a transformer architecture to provide the final HPE or HMR estimation. However, existing transformer architectures are not able to process these heatmap inputs directly, forcing an unnatural flattening of the features prior to input. Furthermore, much of the performance benefit in recent HPE and HMR methods has come at the cost of ever-increasing computation and memory needs. Therefore, to simultaneously address these problems, we propose HeatER, a novel transformer design which preserves the inherent structure of heatmap representations when modeling attention while reducing the memory and computational costs. Taking advantage of HeatER, we build a unified and efficient network for 2D HPE, 3D HPE, and HMR tasks. A heatmap reconstruction module is applied to improve the robustness of the estimated human pose and mesh. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of HeatER on various human pose and mesh datasets. For instance, HeatER outperforms the SOTA method MeshGraphormer by requiring 5% of Params and 16% of MACs on Human3.6M and 3DPW datasets. Code will be publicly available.      
### 59.Continual Object Detection: A review of definitions, strategies, and challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15445.pdf)
>  The field of Continual Learning investigates the ability to learn consecutive tasks without losing performance on those previously learned. Its focus has been mainly on incremental classification tasks. We believe that research in continual object detection deserves even more attention due to its vast range of applications in robotics and autonomous vehicles. This scenario is more complex than conventional classification given the occurrence of instances of classes that are unknown at the time, but can appear in subsequent tasks as a new class to be learned, resulting in missing annotations and conflicts with the background label. In this review, we analyze the current strategies proposed to tackle the problem of class-incremental object detection. Our main contributions are: (1) a short and systematic review of the methods that propose solutions to traditional incremental object detection scenarios; (2) A comprehensive evaluation of the existing approaches using a new metric to quantify the stability and plasticity of each technique in a standard way; (3) an overview of the current trends within continual object detection and a discussion of possible future research directions.      
### 60.Exploring Advances in Transformers and CNN for Skin Lesion Diagnosis on Small Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15442.pdf)
>  Skin cancer is one of the most common types of cancer in the world. Different computer-aided diagnosis systems have been proposed to tackle skin lesion diagnosis, most of them based in deep convolutional neural networks. However, recent advances in computer vision achieved state-of-art results in many tasks, notably Transformer-based networks. We explore and evaluate advances in computer vision architectures, training methods and multimodal feature fusion for skin lesion diagnosis task. Experiments show that PiT ($0.800 \pm 0.006$), CoaT ($0.780 \pm 0.024$) and ViT ($0.771 \pm 0.018$) backbone models with MetaBlock fusion achieved state-of-art results for balanced accuracy metric in PAD-UFES-20 dataset.      
### 61.Segmentation Consistency Training: Out-of-Distribution Generalization for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15428.pdf)
>  Generalizability is seen as one of the major challenges in deep learning, in particular in the domain of medical imaging, where a change of hospital or in imaging routines can lead to a complete failure of a model. To tackle this, we introduce Consistency Training, a training procedure and alternative to data augmentation based on maximizing models' prediction consistency across augmented and unaugmented data in order to facilitate better out-of-distribution generalization. To this end, we develop a novel region-based segmentation loss function called Segmentation Inconsistency Loss (SIL), which considers the differences between pairs of augmented and unaugmented predictions and labels. We demonstrate that Consistency Training outperforms conventional data augmentation on several out-of-distribution datasets on polyp segmentation, a popular medical task.      
### 62.Fitting and recognition of geometric primitives in segmented 3D point clouds using a localized voting procedure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15426.pdf)
>  The automatic creation of geometric models from point clouds has numerous applications in CAD (e.g., reverse engineering, manufacturing, assembling) and, more in general, in shape modelling and processing. Given a segmented point cloud representing a man-made object, we propose a method for recognizing simple geometric primitives and their interrelationships. Our approach is based on the Hough transform (HT) for its ability to deal with noise, missing parts and outliers. In our method we introduce a novel technique for processing segmented point clouds that, through a voting procedure, is able to provide an initial estimate of the geometric parameters characterizing each primitive type. By using these estimates, we localize the search of the optimal solution in a dimensionally-reduced parameter space thus making it efficient to extend the HT to more primitives than those that are generally found in the literature, i.e. planes and spheres. Then, we extract a number of geometric descriptors that uniquely characterize a segment, and, on the basis of these descriptors, we show how to aggregate parts of primitives (segments). Experiments on both synthetic and industrial scans reveal the robustness of the primitive fitting method and its effectiveness for inferring relations among segments.      
### 63.LiDAR-aid Inertial Poser: Large-scale Human Motion Capture by Sparse Inertial and LiDAR Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15410.pdf)
>  We propose a multi-sensor fusion method for capturing challenging 3D human motions with accurate consecutive local poses and global trajectories in large-scale scenarios, only using a single LiDAR and 4 IMUs. Specifically, to fully utilize the global geometry information captured by LiDAR and local dynamic motions captured by IMUs, we design a two-stage pose estimator in a coarse-to-fine manner, where point clouds provide the coarse body shape and IMU measurements optimize the local actions. Furthermore, considering the translation deviation caused by the view-dependent partial point cloud, we propose a pose-guided translation corrector. It predicts the offset between captured points and the real root locations, which makes the consecutive movements and trajectories more precise and natural. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate the capability of our approach for compelling motion capture in large-scale scenarios, which outperforms other methods by an obvious margin. We will release our code and captured dataset to stimulate future research.      
### 64.Grid HTM: Hierarchical Temporal Memory for Anomaly Detection in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15407.pdf)
>  The interest for video anomaly detection systems has gained traction for the past few years. The current approaches use deep learning to perform anomaly detection in videos, but this approach has multiple problems. For starters, deep learning in general has issues with noise, concept drift, explainability, and training data volumes. Additionally, anomaly detection in itself is a complex task and faces challenges such as unknowness, heterogeneity, and class imbalance. Anomaly detection using deep learning is therefore mainly constrained to generative models such as generative adversarial networks and autoencoders due to their unsupervised nature, but even they suffer from general deep learning issues and are hard to train properly. In this paper, we explore the capabilities of the Hierarchical Temporal Memory (HTM) algorithm to perform anomaly detection in videos, as it has favorable properties such as noise tolerance and online learning which combats concept drift. We introduce a novel version of HTM, namely, Grid HTM, which is an HTM-based architecture specifically for anomaly detection in complex videos such as surveillance footage.      
### 65.Gator: Customizable Channel Pruning of Neural Networks with Gating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15404.pdf)
>  The rise of neural network (NN) applications has prompted an increased interest in compression, with a particular focus on channel pruning, which does not require any additional hardware. Most pruning methods employ either single-layer operations or global schemes to determine which channels to remove followed by fine-tuning of the network. In this paper we present Gator, a channel-pruning method which temporarily adds learned gating mechanisms for pruning of individual channels, and which is trained with an additional auxiliary loss, aimed at reducing the computational cost due to memory, (theoretical) speedup (in terms of FLOPs), and practical, hardware-specific speedup. Gator introduces a new formulation of dependencies between NN layers which, in contrast to most previous methods, enables pruning of non-sequential parts, such as layers on ResNet's highway, and even removing entire ResNet blocks. Gator's pruning for ResNet-50 trained on ImageNet produces state-of-the-art (SOTA) results, such as 50% FLOPs reduction with only 0.4%-drop in top-5 accuracy. Also, Gator outperforms previous pruning models, in terms of GPU latency by running 1.4 times faster. Furthermore, Gator achieves improved top-5 accuracy results, compared to MobileNetV2 and SqueezeNet, for similar runtimes. The source code of this work is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/EliPassov/gator" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Dictionary Learning with Accumulator Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15386.pdf)
>  The Locally Competitive Algorithm (LCA) uses local competition between non-spiking leaky integrator neurons to infer sparse representations, allowing for potentially real-time execution on massively parallel neuromorphic architectures such as Intel's Loihi processor. Here, we focus on the problem of inferring sparse representations from streaming video using dictionaries of spatiotemporal features optimized in an unsupervised manner for sparse reconstruction. Non-spiking LCA has previously been used to achieve unsupervised learning of spatiotemporal dictionaries composed of convolutional kernels from raw, unlabeled video. We demonstrate how unsupervised dictionary learning with spiking LCA (\hbox{S-LCA}) can be efficiently implemented using accumulator neurons, which combine a conventional leaky-integrate-and-fire (\hbox{LIF}) spike generator with an additional state variable that is used to minimize the difference between the integrated input and the spiking output. We demonstrate dictionary learning across a wide range of dynamical regimes, from graded to intermittent spiking, for inferring sparse representations of both static images drawn from the CIFAR database as well as video frames captured from a DVS camera. On a classification task that requires identification of the suite from a deck of cards being rapidly flipped through as viewed by a DVS camera, we find essentially no degradation in performance as the LCA model used to infer sparse spatiotemporal representations migrates from graded to spiking. We conclude that accumulator neurons are likely to provide a powerful enabling component of future neuromorphic hardware for implementing online unsupervised learning of spatiotemporal dictionaries optimized for sparse reconstruction of streaming video from event based DVS cameras.      
### 67.TubeFormer-DeepLab: Video Mask Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15361.pdf)
>  We present TubeFormer-DeepLab, the first attempt to tackle multiple core video segmentation tasks in a unified manner. Different video segmentation tasks (e.g., video semantic/instance/panoptic segmentation) are usually considered as distinct problems. State-of-the-art models adopted in the separate communities have diverged, and radically different approaches dominate in each task. By contrast, we make a crucial observation that video segmentation tasks could be generally formulated as the problem of assigning different predicted labels to video tubes (where a tube is obtained by linking segmentation masks along the time axis) and the labels may encode different values depending on the target task. The observation motivates us to develop TubeFormer-DeepLab, a simple and effective video mask transformer model that is widely applicable to multiple video segmentation tasks. TubeFormer-DeepLab directly predicts video tubes with task-specific labels (either pure semantic categories, or both semantic categories and instance identities), which not only significantly simplifies video segmentation models, but also advances state-of-the-art results on multiple video segmentation benchmarks      
### 68.FedHarmony: Unlearning Scanner Bias with Distributed Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15970.pdf)
>  The ability to combine data across scanners and studies is vital for neuroimaging, to increase both statistical power and the representation of biological variability. However, combining datasets across sites leads to two challenges: first, an increase in undesirable non-biological variance due to scanner and acquisition differences - the harmonisation problem - and second, data privacy concerns due to the inherently personal nature of medical imaging data, meaning that sharing them across sites may risk violation of privacy laws. To overcome these restrictions, we propose FedHarmony: a harmonisation framework operating in the federated learning paradigm. We show that to remove the scanner-specific effects, we only need to share the mean and standard deviation of the learned features, helping to protect individual subjects' privacy. We demonstrate our approach across a range of realistic data scenarios, using real multi-site data from the ABIDE dataset, thus showing the potential utility of our method for MRI harmonisation across studies. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nkdinsdale/FedHarmony" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.Memory-efficient Segmentation of High-resolution Volumetric MicroCT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15941.pdf)
>  In recent years, 3D convolutional neural networks have become the dominant approach for volumetric medical image segmentation. However, compared to their 2D counterparts, 3D networks introduce substantially more training parameters and higher requirement for the GPU memory. This has become a major limiting factor for designing and training 3D networks for high-resolution volumetric images. In this work, we propose a novel memory-efficient network architecture for 3D high-resolution image segmentation. The network incorporates both global and local features via a two-stage U-net-based cascaded framework and at the first stage, a memory-efficient U-net (meU-net) is developed. The features learnt at the two stages are connected via post-concatenation, which further improves the information flow. The proposed segmentation method is evaluated on an ultra high-resolution microCT dataset with typically 250 million voxels per volume. Experiments show that it outperforms state-of-the-art 3D segmentation methods in terms of both segmentation accuracy and memory efficiency.      
### 70.Inferring 3D change detection from bitemporal optical images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15903.pdf)
>  Change detection is one of the most active research areas in Remote Sensing (RS). Most of the recently developed change detection methods are based on deep learning (DL) algorithms. This kind of algorithms is generally focused on generating two-dimensional (2D) change maps, thus only identifying planimetric changes in land use/land cover (LULC) and not considering nor returning any information on the corresponding elevation changes. Our work goes one step further, proposing two novel networks, able to solve simultaneously the 2D and 3D CD tasks, and the 3DCD dataset, a novel and freely available dataset precisely designed for this multitask. Particularly, the aim of this work is to lay the foundations for the development of DL algorithms able to automatically infer an elevation (3D) CD map -- together with a standard 2D CD map --, starting only from a pair of bitemporal optical images. The proposed architectures, to perform the task described before, consist of a transformer-based network, the MultiTask Bitemporal Images Transformer (MTBIT), and a deep convolutional network, the Siamese ResUNet (SUNet). Particularly, MTBIT is a transformer-based architecture, based on a semantic tokenizer. SUNet instead combines, in a siamese encoder, skip connections and residual layers to learn rich features, capable to solve efficiently the proposed task. These models are, thus, able to obtain 3D CD maps from two optical images taken at different time instants, without the need to rely directly on elevation data during the inference step. Encouraging results, obtained on the novel 3DCD dataset, are shown. The code and the 3DCD dataset are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/uniroma1.it/3dchangedetection/home-page" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 71.The hybrid approach -- Convolutional Neural Networks and Expectation Maximization Algorithm -- for Tomographic Reconstruction of Hyperspectral Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15772.pdf)
>  We present a simple but novel hybrid approach to hyperspectral data cube reconstruction from computed tomography imaging spectrometry (CTIS) images that sequentially combines neural networks and the iterative Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. We train and test the ability of the method to reconstruct data cubes of $100\times100\times25$ and $100\times100\times100$ voxels, corresponding to 25 and 100 spectral channels, from simulated CTIS images generated by our CTIS simulator. The hybrid approach utilizes the inherent strength of the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with regard to noise and its ability to yield consistent reconstructions and make use of the EM algorithm's ability to generalize to spectral images of any object without training. The hybrid approach achieves better performance than both the CNNs and EM alone for seen (included in CNN training) and unseen (excluded from CNN training) cubes for both the 25- and 100-channel cases. For the 25 spectral channels, the improvements from CNN to the hybrid model (CNN + EM) in terms of the mean-squared errors are between 14-26%. For 100 spectral channels, the improvements between 19-40% are attained with the largest improvement of 40% for the unseen data, to which the CNNs are not exposed during the training.      
### 72.Concept-level Debugging of Part-Prototype Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15769.pdf)
>  Part-prototype Networks (ProtoPNets) are concept-based classifiers designed to achieve the same performance as black-box models without compromising transparency. ProtoPNets compute predictions based on similarity to class-specific part-prototypes learned to recognize parts of training examples, making it easy to faithfully determine what examples are responsible for any target prediction and why. However, like other models, they are prone to picking up confounds and shortcuts from the data, thus suffering from compromised prediction accuracy and limited generalization. We propose ProtoPDebug, an effective concept-level debugger for ProtoPNets in which a human supervisor, guided by the model's explanations, supplies feedback in the form of what part-prototypes must be forgotten or kept, and the model is fine-tuned to align with this supervision. An extensive empirical evaluation on synthetic and real-world data shows that ProtoPDebug outperforms state-of-the-art debuggers for a fraction of the annotation cost.      
### 73.Non-Iterative Recovery from Nonlinear Observations using Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15749.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to estimate the direction of an underlying signal from its nonlinear observations following the semi-parametric single index model (SIM). Unlike conventional compressed sensing where the signal is assumed to be sparse, we assume that the signal lies in the range of an $L$-Lipschitz continuous generative model with bounded $k$-dimensional inputs. This is mainly motivated by the tremendous success of deep generative models in various real applications. Our reconstruction method is non-iterative (though approximating the projection step may use an iterative procedure) and highly efficient, and it is shown to attain the near-optimal statistical rate of order $\sqrt{(k \log L)/m}$, where $m$ is the number of measurements. We consider two specific instances of the SIM, namely noisy $1$-bit and cubic measurement models, and perform experiments on image datasets to demonstrate the efficacy of our method. In particular, for the noisy $1$-bit measurement model, we show that our non-iterative method significantly outperforms a state-of-the-art iterative method in terms of both accuracy and efficiency.      
### 74.Adversarial synthesis based data-augmentation for code-switched spoken language identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15747.pdf)
>  Spoken Language Identification (LID) is an important sub-task of Automatic Speech Recognition(ASR) that is used to classify the language(s) in an audio segment. Automatic LID plays an useful role in multilingual countries. In various countries, identifying a language becomes hard, due to the multilingual scenario where two or more than two languages are mixed together during conversation. Such phenomenon of speech is called as code-mixing or code-switching. This nature is followed not only in India but also in many Asian countries. Such code-mixed data is hard to find, which further reduces the capabilities of the spoken LID. Due to the lack of avalibility of this code-mixed data, it becomes a minority class in LID task. Hence, this work primarily addresses this problem using data augmentation as a solution on the minority code-switched class. This study focuses on Indic language code-mixed with English. Spoken LID is performed on Hindi, code-mixed with English. This research proposes Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based data augmentation technique performed using Mel spectrograms for audio data. GANs have already been proven to be accurate in representing the real data distribution in the image domain. Proposed research exploits these capabilities of GANs in speech domains such as speech classification, automatic speech recognition,etc. GANs are trained to generate Mel spectrograms of the minority code-mixed class which are then used to augment data for the classifier. Utilizing GANs give an overall improvement on Unweighted Average Recall by an amount of 3.5\% as compared to a Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network (CRNN) classifier used as the baseline reference.      
### 75.Omni-Granular Ego-Semantic Propagation for Self-Supervised Graph Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15746.pdf)
>  Unsupervised/self-supervised graph representation learning is critical for downstream node- and graph-level classification tasks. Global structure of graphs helps discriminating representations and existing methods mainly utilize the global structure by imposing additional supervisions. However, their global semantics are usually invariant for all nodes/graphs and they fail to explicitly embed the global semantics to enrich the representations. In this paper, we propose Omni-Granular Ego-Semantic Propagation for Self-Supervised Graph Representation Learning (OEPG). Specifically, we introduce instance-adaptive global-aware ego-semantic descriptors, leveraging the first- and second-order feature differences between each node/graph and hierarchical global clusters of the entire graph dataset. The descriptors can be explicitly integrated into local graph convolution as new neighbor nodes. Besides, we design an omni-granular normalization on the whole scales and hierarchies of the ego-semantic to assign attentional weight to each descriptor from an omni-granular perspective. Specialized pretext tasks and cross-iteration momentum update are further developed for local-global mutual adaptation. In downstream tasks, OEPG consistently achieves the best performance with a 2%~6% accuracy gain on multiple datasets cross scales and domains. Notably, OEPG also generalizes to quantity- and topology-imbalance scenarios.      
### 76.Progressive Multi-scale Consistent Network for Multi-class Fundus Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15720.pdf)
>  Effectively integrating multi-scale information is of considerable significance for the challenging multi-class segmentation of fundus lesions because different lesions vary significantly in scales and shapes. Several methods have been proposed to successfully handle the multi-scale object segmentation. However, two issues are not considered in previous studies. The first is the lack of interaction between adjacent feature levels, and this will lead to the deviation of high-level features from low-level features and the loss of detailed cues. The second is the conflict between the low-level and high-level features, this occurs because they learn different scales of features, thereby confusing the model and decreasing the accuracy of the final prediction. In this paper, we propose a progressive multi-scale consistent network (PMCNet) that integrates the proposed progressive feature fusion (PFF) block and dynamic attention block (DAB) to address the aforementioned issues. Specifically, PFF block progressively integrates multi-scale features from adjacent encoding layers, facilitating feature learning of each layer by aggregating fine-grained details and high-level semantics. As features at different scales should be consistent, DAB is designed to dynamically learn the attentive cues from the fused features at different scales, thus aiming to smooth the essential conflicts existing in multi-scale features. The two proposed PFF and DAB blocks can be integrated with the off-the-shelf backbone networks to address the two issues of multi-scale and feature inconsistency in the multi-class segmentation of fundus lesions, which will produce better feature representation in the feature space. Experimental results on three public datasets indicate that the proposed method is more effective than recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 77.Automatic Relation-aware Graph Network Proliferation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15678.pdf)
>  Graph neural architecture search has sparked much attention as Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have shown powerful reasoning capability in many relational tasks. However, the currently used graph search space overemphasizes learning node features and neglects mining hierarchical relational information. Moreover, due to diverse mechanisms in the message passing, the graph search space is much larger than that of CNNs. This hinders the straightforward application of classical search strategies for exploring complicated graph search space. We propose Automatic Relation-aware Graph Network Proliferation (ARGNP) for efficiently searching GNNs with a relation-guided message passing mechanism. Specifically, we first devise a novel dual relation-aware graph search space that comprises both node and relation learning operations. These operations can extract hierarchical node/relational information and provide anisotropic guidance for message passing on a graph. Second, analogous to cell proliferation, we design a network proliferation search paradigm to progressively determine the GNN architectures by iteratively performing network division and differentiation. The experiments on six datasets for four graph learning tasks demonstrate that GNNs produced by our method are superior to the current state-of-the-art hand-crafted and search-based GNNs. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/phython96/ARGNP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 78.Augmentation-Aware Self-Supervision for Data-Efficient GAN Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15677.pdf)
>  Training generative adversarial networks (GANs) with limited data is valuable but challenging because discriminators are prone to over-fitting in such situations. Recently proposed differentiable data augmentation techniques for discriminators demonstrate improved data efficiency of training GANs. However, the naive data augmentation introduces undesired invariance to augmentation into the discriminator. The invariance may degrade the representation learning ability of the discriminator, thereby affecting the generative modeling performance of the generator. To mitigate the invariance while inheriting the benefits of data augmentation, we propose a novel augmentation-aware self-supervised discriminator that predicts the parameter of augmentation given the augmented and original data. Moreover, the prediction task is required to distinguishable between real data and generated data since they are different during training. We further encourage the generator to learn from the proposed discriminator by generating augmentation-predictable real data. We compare the proposed method with state-of-the-arts across the class-conditional BigGAN and unconditional StyleGAN2 architectures on CIFAR-10/100 and several low-shot datasets, respectively. Experimental results show a significantly improved generation performance of our method over competing methods for training data-efficient GANs.      
### 79.Generative Aging of Brain Images with Diffeomorphic Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15607.pdf)
>  Analyzing and predicting brain aging is essential for early prognosis and accurate diagnosis of cognitive diseases. The technique of neuroimaging, such as Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), provides a noninvasive means of observing the aging process within the brain. With longitudinal image data collection, data-intensive Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithms have been used to examine brain aging. However, existing state-of-the-art algorithms tend to be restricted to group-level predictions and suffer from unreal predictions. This paper proposes a methodology for generating longitudinal MRI scans that capture subject-specific neurodegeneration and retain anatomical plausibility in aging. The proposed methodology is developed within the framework of diffeomorphic registration and relies on three key novel technological advances to generate subject-level anatomically plausible predictions: i) a computationally efficient and individualized generative framework based on registration; ii) an aging generative module based on biological linear aging progression; iii) a quality control module to fit registration for generation task. Our methodology was evaluated on 2662 T1-weighted (T1-w) MRI scans from 796 participants from three different cohorts. First, we applied 6 commonly used criteria to demonstrate the aging simulation ability of the proposed methodology; Secondly, we evaluated the quality of the synthetic images using quantitative measurements and qualitative assessment by a neuroradiologist. Overall, the experimental results show that the proposed method can produce anatomically plausible predictions that can be used to enhance longitudinal datasets, in turn enabling data-hungry AI-driven healthcare tools.      
### 80.AI-based automated Meibomian gland segmentation, classification and reflection correction in infrared Meibography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15543.pdf)
>  Purpose: Develop a deep learning-based automated method to segment meibomian glands (MG) and eyelids, quantitatively analyze the MG area and MG ratio, estimate the meiboscore, and remove specular reflections from infrared images. Methods: A total of 1600 meibography images were captured in a clinical setting. 1000 images were precisely annotated with multiple revisions by investigators and graded 6 times by meibomian gland dysfunction (MGD) experts. Two deep learning (DL) models were trained separately to segment areas of the MG and eyelid. Those segmentation were used to estimate MG ratio and meiboscores using a classification-based DL model. A generative adversarial network was implemented to remove specular reflections from original images. Results: The mean ratio of MG calculated by investigator annotation and DL segmentation was consistent 26.23% vs 25.12% in the upper eyelids and 32.34% vs. 32.29% in the lower eyelids, respectively. Our DL model achieved 73.01% accuracy for meiboscore classification on validation set and 59.17% accuracy when tested on images from independent center, compared to 53.44% validation accuracy by MGD experts. The DL-based approach successfully removes reflection from the original MG images without affecting meiboscore grading. Conclusions: DL with infrared meibography provides a fully automated, fast quantitative evaluation of MG morphology (MG Segmentation, MG area, MG ratio, and meiboscore) which are sufficiently accurate for diagnosing dry eye disease. Also, the DL removes specular reflection from images to be used by ophthalmologists for distraction-free assessment.      
### 81.Gluing Neural Networks Symbolically Through Hyperdimensional Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15534.pdf)
>  Hyperdimensional Computing affords simple, yet powerful operations to create long Hyperdimensional Vectors (hypervectors) that can efficiently encode information, be used for learning, and are dynamic enough to be modified on the fly. In this paper, we explore the notion of using binary hypervectors to directly encode the final, classifying output signals of neural networks in order to fuse differing networks together at the symbolic level. This allows multiple neural networks to work together to solve a problem, with little additional overhead. Output signals just before classification are encoded as hypervectors and bundled together through consensus summation to train a classification hypervector. This process can be performed iteratively and even on single neural networks by instead making a consensus of multiple classification hypervectors. We find that this outperforms the state of the art, or is on a par with it, while using very little overhead, as hypervector operations are extremely fast and efficient in comparison to the neural networks. This consensus process can learn online and even grow or lose models in real time. Hypervectors act as memories that can be stored, and even further bundled together over time, affording life long learning capabilities. Additionally, this consensus structure inherits the benefits of Hyperdimensional Computing, without sacrificing the performance of modern Machine Learning. This technique can be extrapolated to virtually any neural model, and requires little modification to employ - one simply requires recording the output signals of networks when presented with a testing example.      
### 82.Variational Transfer Learning using Cross-Domain Latent Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15523.pdf)
>  To successfully apply trained neural network models to new domains, powerful transfer learning solutions are essential. We propose to introduce a novel cross-domain latent modulation mechanism to a variational autoencoder framework so as to achieve effective transfer learning. Our key idea is to procure deep representations from one data domain and use it to influence the reparameterization of the latent variable of another domain. Specifically, deep representations of the source and target domains are first extracted by a unified inference model and aligned by employing gradient reversal. The learned deep representations are then cross-modulated to the latent encoding of the alternative domain, where consistency constraints are also applied. In the empirical validation that includes a number of transfer learning benchmark tasks for unsupervised domain adaptation and image-to-image translation, our model demonstrates competitive performance, which is also supported by evidence obtained from visualization.      
### 83.PolypConnect: Image inpainting for generating realistic gastrointestinal tract images with polyps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15413.pdf)
>  Early identification of a polyp in the lower gastrointestinal (GI) tract can lead to prevention of life-threatening colorectal cancer. Developing computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems to detect polyps can improve detection accuracy and efficiency and save the time of the domain experts called endoscopists. Lack of annotated data is a common challenge when building CAD systems. Generating synthetic medical data is an active research area to overcome the problem of having relatively few true positive cases in the medical domain. To be able to efficiently train machine learning (ML) models, which are the core of CAD systems, a considerable amount of data should be used. In this respect, we propose the PolypConnect pipeline, which can convert non-polyp images into polyp images to increase the size of training datasets for training. We present the whole pipeline with quantitative and qualitative evaluations involving endoscopists. The polyp segmentation model trained using synthetic data, and real data shows a 5.1% improvement of mean intersection over union (mIOU), compared to the model trained only using real data. The codes of all the experiments are available on GitHub to reproduce the results.      
### 84.VoGE: A Differentiable Volume Renderer using Gaussian Ellipsoids for Analysis-by-Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15401.pdf)
>  Differentiable rendering allows the application of computer graphics on vision tasks, e.g. object pose and shape fitting, via analysis-by-synthesis, where gradients at occluded regions are important when inverting the rendering process. To obtain those gradients, state-of-the-art (SoTA) differentiable renderers use rasterization to collect a set of nearest components for each pixel and aggregate them based on the viewing distance. In this paper, we propose VoGE, which uses ray tracing to capture nearest components with their volume density distributions on the rays and aggregates via integral of the volume densities based on Gaussian ellipsoids, which brings more efficient and stable gradients. To efficiently render via VoGE, we propose an approximate close-form solution for the volume density aggregation and a coarse-to-fine rendering strategy. Finally, we provide a CUDA implementation of VoGE, which gives a competitive rendering speed in comparison to PyTorch3D. Quantitative and qualitative experiment results show VoGE outperforms SoTA counterparts when applied to various vision tasks,e.g., object pose estimation, shape/texture fitting, and occlusion reasoning. The VoGE library and demos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Angtian/VoGE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 85.Revisiting Audio Pattern Recognition for Asthma Medication Adherence: Evaluation with the RDA Benchmark Suite  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15360.pdf)
>  Asthma is a common, usually long-term respiratory disease with negative impact on society and the economy worldwide. Treatment involves using medical devices (inhalers) that distribute medication to the airways, and its efficiency depends on the precision of the inhalation technique. Health monitoring systems equipped with sensors and embedded with sound signal detection enable the recognition of drug actuation and could be powerful tools for reliable audio content analysis. This paper revisits audio pattern recognition and machine learning techniques for asthma medication adherence assessment and presents the Respiratory and Drug Actuation (RDA) Suite(<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.com/vvr/monitoring-medication-adherence/rda-benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) for benchmarking and further research. The RDA Suite includes a set of tools for audio processing, feature extraction and classification and is provided along with a dataset consisting of respiratory and drug actuation sounds. The classification models in RDA are implemented based on conventional and advanced machine learning and deep network architectures. This study provides a comparative evaluation of the implemented approaches, examines potential improvements and discusses challenges and future tendencies.      
### 86.Searching for the Essence of Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15357.pdf)
>  Neural networks have achieved the state-of-the-art performance on various machine learning fields, yet the incorporation of malicious perturbations with input data (adversarial example) is able to fool neural networks' predictions. This would lead to potential risks in real-world applications, for example, auto piloting and facial recognition. However, the reason for the existence of adversarial examples remains controversial. Here we demonstrate that adversarial perturbations contain human-recognizable information, which is the key conspirator responsible for a neural network's erroneous prediction. This concept of human-recognizable information allows us to explain key features related to adversarial perturbations, which include the existence of adversarial examples, the transferability among different neural networks, and the increased neural network interpretability for adversarial training. Two unique properties in adversarial perturbations that fool neural networks are uncovered: masking and generation. A special class, the complementary class, is identified when neural networks classify input images. The human-recognizable information contained in adversarial perturbations allows researchers to gain insight on the working principles of neural networks and may lead to develop techniques that detect/defense adversarial attacks.      
### 87.Parameter-Efficient and Student-Friendly Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15308.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) has been extensively employed to transfer the knowledge from a large teacher model to the smaller students, where the parameters of the teacher are fixed (or partially) during training. Recent studies show that this mode may cause difficulties in knowledge transfer due to the mismatched model capacities. To alleviate the mismatch problem, teacher-student joint training methods, e.g., online distillation, have been proposed, but it always requires expensive computational cost. In this paper, we present a parameter-efficient and student-friendly knowledge distillation method, namely PESF-KD, to achieve efficient and sufficient knowledge transfer by updating relatively few partial parameters. Technically, we first mathematically formulate the mismatch as the sharpness gap between their predictive distributions, where we show such a gap can be narrowed with the appropriate smoothness of the soft label. Then, we introduce an adapter module for the teacher and only update the adapter to obtain soft labels with appropriate smoothness. Experiments on a variety of benchmarks show that PESF-KD can significantly reduce the training cost while obtaining competitive results compared to advanced online distillation methods. Code will be released upon acceptance.      
