# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 3 Jun 2022
### 1.Siamese Image Modeling for Self-Supervised Vision Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01204.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) has delivered superior performance on a variety of downstream vision tasks. Two main-stream SSL frameworks have been proposed, i.e., Instance Discrimination (ID) and Masked Image Modeling (MIM). ID pulls together the representations of different views from the same image, while avoiding feature collapse. It does well on linear probing but is inferior in detection performance. On the other hand, MIM reconstructs the original content given a masked image. It excels at dense prediction but fails to perform well on linear probing. Their distinctions are caused by neglecting the representation requirements of either semantic alignment or spatial sensitivity. Specifically, we observe that (1) semantic alignment demands semantically similar views to be projected into nearby representation, which can be achieved by contrasting different views with strong augmentations; (2) spatial sensitivity requires to model the local structure within an image. Predicting dense representations with masked image is therefore beneficial because it models the conditional distribution of image content. Driven by these analysis, we propose Siamese Image Modeling (SIM), which predicts the dense representations of an augmented view, based on another masked view from the same image but with different augmentations. Our method uses a Siamese network with two branches. The online branch encodes the first view, and predicts the second view's representation according to the relative positions between these two views. The target branch produces the target by encoding the second view. In this way, we are able to achieve comparable linear probing and dense prediction performances with ID and MIM, respectively. We also demonstrate that decent linear probing result can be obtained without a global loss. Code shall be released.      
### 2.Semantic Instance Segmentation of 3D Scenes Through Weak Bounding Box Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01203.pdf)
>  Current 3D segmentation methods heavily rely on large-scale point-cloud datasets, which are notoriously laborious to annotate. Few attempts have been made to circumvent the need for dense per-point annotations. In this work, we look at weakly-supervised 3D instance semantic segmentation. The key idea is to leverage 3D bounding box labels which are easier and faster to annotate. Indeed, we show that it is possible to train dense segmentation models using only weak bounding box labels. At the core of our method, Box2Mask, lies a deep model, inspired by classical Hough voting, that directly votes for bounding box parameters, and a clustering method specifically tailored to bounding box votes. This goes beyond commonly used center votes, which would not fully exploit the bounding box annotations. On ScanNet test, our weakly supervised model attains leading performance among other weakly supervised approaches (+18 mAP50). Remarkably, it also achieves 97% of the performance of fully supervised models. To prove the practicality of our approach, we show segmentation results on the recently released ARKitScenes dataset which is annotated with 3D bounding boxes only, and obtain, for the first time, compelling 3D instance segmentation results.      
### 3.Unveiling The Mask of Position-Information Pattern Through the Mist of Image Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01202.pdf)
>  Recent studies show that paddings in convolutional neural networks encode absolute position information which can negatively affect the model performance for certain tasks. However, existing metrics for quantifying the strength of positional information remain unreliable and frequently lead to erroneous results. To address this issue, we propose novel metrics for measuring (and visualizing) the encoded positional information. We formally define the encoded information as PPP (Position-information Pattern from Padding) and conduct a series of experiments to study its properties as well as its formation. The proposed metrics measure the presence of positional information more reliably than the existing metrics based on PosENet and a test in F-Conv. We also demonstrate that for any extant (and proposed) padding schemes, PPP is primarily a learning artifact and is less dependent on the characteristics of the underlying padding schemes.      
### 4.REVIVE: Regional Visual Representation Matters in Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01201.pdf)
>  This paper revisits visual representation in knowledge-based visual question answering (VQA) and demonstrates that using regional information in a better way can significantly improve the performance. While visual representation is extensively studied in traditional VQA, it is under-explored in knowledge-based VQA even though these two tasks share the common spirit, i.e., rely on visual input to answer the question. Specifically, we observe that in most state-of-the-art knowledge-based VQA methods: 1) visual features are extracted either from the whole image or in a sliding window manner for retrieving knowledge, and the important relationship within/among object regions is neglected; 2) visual features are not well utilized in the final answering model, which is counter-intuitive to some extent. Based on these observations, we propose a new knowledge-based VQA method REVIVE, which tries to utilize the explicit information of object regions not only in the knowledge retrieval stage but also in the answering model. The key motivation is that object regions and inherent relationships are important for knowledge-based VQA. We perform extensive experiments on the standard OK-VQA dataset and achieve new state-of-the-art performance, i.e., 58.0% accuracy, surpassing previous state-of-the-art method by a large margin (+3.6%). We also conduct detailed analysis and show the necessity of regional information in different framework components for knowledge-based VQA.      
### 5.Pruning-as-Search: Efficient Neural Architecture Search via Channel Pruning and Structural Reparameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01198.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) and network pruning are widely studied efficient AI techniques, but not yet perfect. NAS performs exhaustive candidate architecture search, incurring tremendous search cost. Though (structured) pruning can simply shrink model dimension, it remains unclear how to decide the per-layer sparsity automatically and optimally. In this work, we revisit the problem of layer-width optimization and propose Pruning-as-Search (PaS), an end-to-end channel pruning method to search out desired sub-network automatically and efficiently. Specifically, we add a depth-wise binary convolution to learn pruning policies directly through gradient descent. By combining the structural reparameterization and PaS, we successfully searched out a new family of VGG-like and lightweight networks, which enable the flexibility of arbitrary width with respect to each layer instead of each stage. Experimental results show that our proposed architecture outperforms prior arts by around $1.0\%$ top-1 accuracy under similar inference speed on ImageNet-1000 classification task. Furthermore, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our width search on complex tasks including instance segmentation and image translation. Code and models are released.      
### 6.EfficientFormer: Vision Transformers at MobileNet Speed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01191.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT) have shown rapid progress in computer vision tasks, achieving promising results on various benchmarks. However, due to the massive number of parameters and model design, e.g., attention mechanism, ViT-based models are generally times slower than lightweight convolutional networks. Therefore, the deployment of ViT for real-time applications is particularly challenging, especially on resource-constrained hardware such as mobile devices. Recent efforts try to reduce the computation complexity of ViT through network architecture search or hybrid design with MobileNet block, yet the inference speed is still unsatisfactory. This leads to an important question: can transformers run as fast as MobileNet while obtaining high performance? To answer this, we first revisit the network architecture and operators used in ViT-based models and identify inefficient designs. Then we introduce a dimension-consistent pure transformer (without MobileNet blocks) as design paradigm. Finally, we perform latency-driven slimming to get a series of final models dubbed EfficientFormer. Extensive experiments show the superiority of EfficientFormer in performance and speed on mobile devices. Our fastest model, EfficientFormer-L1, achieves 79.2% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K with only 1.6 ms inference latency on iPhone 12 (compiled with CoreML), which is even a bit faster than MobileNetV2 (1.7 ms, 71.8% top-1), and our largest model, EfficientFormer-L7, obtains 83.3% accuracy with only 7.0 ms latency. Our work proves that properly designed transformers can reach extremely low latency on mobile devices while maintaining high performance      
### 7.Optimizing Relevance Maps of Vision Transformers Improves Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01161.pdf)
>  It has been observed that visual classification models often rely mostly on the image background, neglecting the foreground, which hurts their robustness to distribution changes. To alleviate this shortcoming, we propose to monitor the model's relevancy signal and manipulate it such that the model is focused on the foreground object. This is done as a finetuning step, involving relatively few samples consisting of pairs of images and their associated foreground masks. Specifically, we encourage the model's relevancy map (i) to assign lower relevance to background regions, (ii) to consider as much information as possible from the foreground, and (iii) we encourage the decisions to have high confidence. When applied to Vision Transformer (ViT) models, a marked improvement in robustness to domain shifts is observed. Moreover, the foreground masks can be obtained automatically, from a self-supervised variant of the ViT model itself; therefore no additional supervision is required.      
### 8.DE-Net: Dynamic Text-guided Image Editing Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01160.pdf)
>  Text-guided image editing models have shown remarkable results. However, there remain two problems. First, they employ fixed manipulation modules for various editing requirements (e.g., color changing, texture changing, content adding and removing), which result in over-editing or insufficient editing. Second, they do not clearly distinguish between text-required parts and text-irrelevant parts, which leads to inaccurate editing. To solve these limitations, we propose: (i) a Dynamic Editing Block (DEBlock) which combines spatial- and channel-wise manipulations dynamically for various editing requirements. (ii) a Combination Weights Predictor (CWP) which predicts the combination weights for DEBlock according to the inference on text and visual features. (iii) a Dynamic text-adaptive Convolution Block (DCBlock) which queries source image features to distinguish text-required parts and text-irrelevant parts. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our DE-Net achieves excellent performance and manipulates source images more effectively and accurately. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tobran/DE-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 9.Multi-View Active Fine-Grained Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01153.pdf)
>  As fine-grained visual classification (FGVC) being developed for decades, great works related have exposed a key direction -- finding discriminative local regions and revealing subtle differences. However, unlike identifying visual contents within static images, for recognizing objects in the real physical world, discriminative information is not only present within seen local regions but also hides in other unseen perspectives. In other words, in addition to focusing on the distinguishable part from the whole, for efficient and accurate recognition, it is required to infer the key perspective with a few glances, e.g., people may recognize a "Benz AMG GT" with a glance of its front and then know that taking a look at its exhaust pipe can help to tell which year's model it is. In this paper, back to reality, we put forward the problem of active fine-grained recognition (AFGR) and complete this study in three steps: (i) a hierarchical, multi-view, fine-grained vehicle dataset is collected as the testbed, (ii) a simple experiment is designed to verify that different perspectives contribute differently for FGVC and different categories own different discriminative perspective, (iii) a policy-gradient-based framework is adopted to achieve efficient recognition with active view selection. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method delivers a better performance-efficient trade-off than previous FGVC methods and advanced neural networks.      
### 10.Transforming medical imaging with Transformers? A comparative review of key properties, current progresses, and future perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01136.pdf)
>  Transformer, the latest technological advance of deep learning, has gained prevalence in natural language processing or computer vision. Since medical imaging bear some resemblance to computer vision, it is natural to inquire about the status quo of Transformers in medical imaging and ask the question: can the Transformer models transform medical imaging? In this paper, we attempt to make a response to the inquiry. After a brief introduction of the fundamentals of Transformers, especially in comparison with convolutional neural networks (CNNs), and highlighting key defining properties that characterize the Transformers, we offer a comprehensive review of the state-of-the-art Transformer-based approaches for medical imaging and exhibit current research progresses made in the areas of medical image segmentation, recognition, detection, registration, reconstruction, enhancement, etc. In particular, what distinguishes our review lies in its organization based on the Transformer's key defining properties, which are mostly derived from comparing the Transformer and CNN, and its type of architecture, which specifies the manner in which the Transformer and CNN are combined, all helping the readers to best understand the rationale behind the reviewed approaches. We conclude with discussions of future perspectives.      
### 11.VL-BEiT: Generative Vision-Language Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01127.pdf)
>  We introduce a vision-language foundation model called VL-BEiT, which is a bidirectional multimodal Transformer learned by generative pretraining. Our minimalist solution conducts masked prediction on both monomodal and multimodal data with a shared Transformer. Specifically, we perform masked vision-language modeling on image-text pairs, masked language modeling on texts, and masked image modeling on images. VL-BEiT is learned from scratch with one unified pretraining task, one shared backbone, and one-stage training. Our method is conceptually simple and empirically effective. Experimental results show that VL-BEiT obtains strong results on various vision-language benchmarks, such as visual question answering, visual reasoning, and image-text retrieval. Moreover, our method learns transferable visual features, achieving competitive performance on image classification, and semantic segmentation.      
### 12.Prefix Conditioning Unifies Language and Label Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01125.pdf)
>  Vision-language contrastive learning suggests a new learning paradigm by leveraging a large amount of image-caption-pair data. The caption supervision excels at providing wide coverage in vocabulary that enables strong zero-shot image recognition performance. On the other hand, label supervision offers to learn more targeted visual representations that are label-oriented and can cover rare categories. To gain the complementary advantages of both kinds of supervision for contrastive image-caption pre-training, recent works have proposed to convert class labels into a sentence with pre-defined templates called prompts. However, a naive unification of the real caption and the prompt sentences could lead to a complication in learning, as the distribution shift in text may not be handled properly in the language encoder. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective approach to unify these two types of supervision using prefix tokens that inform a language encoder of the type of the input sentence (e.g., caption or prompt) at training time. Our method is generic and can be easily integrated into existing VL pre-training objectives such as CLIP or UniCL. In experiments, we show that this simple technique dramatically improves the performance in zero-shot image recognition accuracy of the pre-trained model.      
### 13.A temporal chrominance trigger for clean-label backdoor attack against anti-spoof rebroadcast detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01102.pdf)
>  We propose a stealthy clean-label video backdoor attack against Deep Learning (DL)-based models aiming at detecting a particular class of spoofing attacks, namely video rebroadcast attacks. The injected backdoor does not affect spoofing detection in normal conditions, but induces a misclassification in the presence of a specific triggering signal. The proposed backdoor relies on a temporal trigger altering the average chrominance of the video sequence. The backdoor signal is designed by taking into account the peculiarities of the Human Visual System (HVS) to reduce the visibility of the trigger, thus increasing the stealthiness of the backdoor. To force the network to look at the presence of the trigger in the challenging clean-label scenario, we choose the poisoned samples used for the injection of the backdoor following a so-called Outlier Poisoning Strategy (OPS). According to OPS, the triggering signal is inserted in the training samples that the network finds more difficult to classify. The effectiveness of the proposed backdoor attack and its generality are validated experimentally on different datasets and anti-spoofing rebroadcast detection architectures.      
### 14.DocLayNet: A Large Human-Annotated Dataset for Document-Layout Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01062.pdf)
>  Accurate document layout analysis is a key requirement for high-quality PDF document conversion. With the recent availability of public, large ground-truth datasets such as PubLayNet and DocBank, deep-learning models have proven to be very effective at layout detection and segmentation. While these datasets are of adequate size to train such models, they severely lack in layout variability since they are sourced from scientific article repositories such as PubMed and arXiv only. Consequently, the accuracy of the layout segmentation drops significantly when these models are applied on more challenging and diverse layouts. In this paper, we present \textit{DocLayNet}, a new, publicly available, document-layout annotation dataset in COCO format. It contains 80863 manually annotated pages from diverse data sources to represent a wide variability in layouts. For each PDF page, the layout annotations provide labelled bounding-boxes with a choice of 11 distinct classes. DocLayNet also provides a subset of double- and triple-annotated pages to determine the inter-annotator agreement. In multiple experiments, we provide baseline accuracy scores (in mAP) for a set of popular object detection models. We also demonstrate that these models fall approximately 10\% behind the inter-annotator agreement. Furthermore, we provide evidence that DocLayNet is of sufficient size. Lastly, we compare models trained on PubLayNet, DocBank and DocLayNet, showing that layout predictions of the DocLayNet-trained models are more robust and thus the preferred choice for general-purpose document-layout analysis.      
### 15.FV-UPatches: Enhancing Universality in Finger Vein Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01061.pdf)
>  Many deep learning-based models have been introduced in finger vein recognition in recent years. These solutions, however, suffer from data dependency and are difficult to achieve model generalization. To address this problem, we are inspired by the idea of domain adaptation and propose a universal learning-based framework, which achieves generalization while training with limited data. To reduce differences between data distributions, a compressed U-Net is introduced as a domain mapper to map the raw region of interest image onto a target domain. The concentrated target domain is a unified feature space for the subsequent matching, in which a local descriptor model SOSNet is employed to embed patches into descriptors measuring the similarity of matching pairs. In the proposed framework, the domain mapper is an approximation to a specific extraction function thus the training is only a one-time effort with limited data. Moreover, the local descriptor model can be trained to be representative enough based on a public dataset of non-finger-vein images. The whole pipeline enables the framework to be well generalized, making it possible to enhance universality and helps to reduce costs of data collection, tuning and retraining. The comparable experimental results to state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance in five public datasets prove the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Furthermore, the framework shows application potential in other vein-based biometric recognition as well.      
### 16.A Survey on Video Action Recognition in Sports: Datasets, Methods and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01038.pdf)
>  To understand human behaviors, action recognition based on videos is a common approach. Compared with image-based action recognition, videos provide much more information. Reducing the ambiguity of actions and in the last decade, many works focused on datasets, novel models and learning approaches have improved video action recognition to a higher level. However, there are challenges and unsolved problems, in particular in sports analytics where data collection and labeling are more sophisticated, requiring sport professionals to annotate data. In addition, the actions could be extremely fast and it becomes difficult to recognize them. Moreover, in team sports like football and basketball, one action could involve multiple players, and to correctly recognize them, we need to analyse all players, which is relatively complicated. In this paper, we present a survey on video action recognition for sports analytics. We introduce more than ten types of sports, including team sports, such as football, basketball, volleyball, hockey and individual sports, such as figure skating, gymnastics, table tennis, tennis, diving and badminton. Then we compare numerous existing frameworks for sports analysis to present status quo of video action recognition in both team sports and individual sports. Finally, we discuss the challenges and unsolved problems in this area and to facilitate sports analytics, we develop a toolbox using PaddlePaddle, which supports football, basketball, table tennis and figure skating action recognition.      
### 17.Adversarial Laser Spot: Robust and Covert Physical Adversarial Attack to DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01034.pdf)
>  Most existing deep neural networks (DNNs) are easily disturbed by slight noise. As far as we know, there are few researches on physical adversarial attack technology by deploying lighting equipment. The light-based physical adversarial attack technology has excellent covertness, which brings great security risks to many applications based on deep neural networks (such as automatic driving technology). Therefore, we propose a robust physical adversarial attack technology with excellent covertness, called adversarial laser point (AdvLS), which optimizes the physical parameters of laser point through genetic algorithm to perform physical adversarial attack. It realizes robust and covert physical adversarial attack by using low-cost laser equipment. As far as we know, AdvLS is the first light-based adversarial attack technology that can perform physical adversarial attacks in the daytime. A large number of experiments in the digital and physical environments show that AdvLS has excellent robustness and concealment. In addition, through in-depth analysis of the experimental data, we find that the adversarial perturbations generated by AdvLS have superior adversarial attack migration. The experimental results show that AdvLS impose serious interference to the advanced deep neural networks, we call for the attention of the proposed physical adversarial attack technology.      
### 18.Structured Two-stream Attention Network for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01017.pdf)
>  To date, visual question answering (VQA) (i.e., image QA and video QA) is still a holy grail in vision and language understanding, especially for video QA. Compared with image QA that focuses primarily on understanding the associations between image region-level details and corresponding questions, video QA requires a model to jointly reason across both spatial and long-range temporal structures of a video as well as text to provide an accurate answer. In this paper, we specifically tackle the problem of video QA by proposing a Structured Two-stream Attention network, namely STA, to answer a free-form or open-ended natural language question about the content of a given video. First, we infer rich long-range temporal structures in videos using our structured segment component and encode text features. Then, our structured two-stream attention component simultaneously localizes important visual instance, reduces the influence of background video and focuses on the relevant text. Finally, the structured two-stream fusion component incorporates different segments of query and video aware context representation and infers the answers. Experiments on the large-scale video QA dataset \textit{TGIF-QA} show that our proposed method significantly surpasses the best counterpart (i.e., with one representation for the video input) by 13.0%, 13.5%, 11.0% and 0.3 for Action, Trans., TrameQA and Count tasks. It also outperforms the best competitor (i.e., with two representations) on the Action, Trans., TrameQA tasks by 4.1%, 4.7%, and 5.1%.      
### 19.Suggestive Annotation of Brain MR Images with Gradient-guided Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01014.pdf)
>  Machine learning has been widely adopted for medical image analysis in recent years given its promising performance in image segmentation and classification tasks. The success of machine learning, in particular supervised learning, depends on the availability of manually annotated datasets. For medical imaging applications, such annotated datasets are not easy to acquire, it takes a substantial amount of time and resource to curate an annotated medical image set. In this paper, we propose an efficient annotation framework for brain MR images that can suggest informative sample images for human experts to annotate. We evaluate the framework on two different brain image analysis tasks, namely brain tumour segmentation and whole brain segmentation. Experiments show that for brain tumour segmentation task on the BraTS 2019 dataset, training a segmentation model with only 7% suggestively annotated image samples can achieve a performance comparable to that of training on the full dataset. For whole brain segmentation on the MALC dataset, training with 42% suggestively annotated image samples can achieve a comparable performance to training on the full dataset. The proposed framework demonstrates a promising way to save manual annotation cost and improve data efficiency in medical imaging applications.      
### 20.Long-tailed Recognition by Learning from Latent Categories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01010.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the challenging task of long-tailed image recognition. Previous long-tailed recognition methods commonly focus on the data augmentation or re-balancing strategy of the tail classes to give more attention to tail classes during the model training. However, due to the limited training images for tail classes, the diversity of tail class images is still restricted, which results in poor feature representations. In this work, we hypothesize that common latent features among the head and tail classes can be used to give better feature representation. Motivated by this, we introduce a Latent Categories based long-tail Recognition (LCReg) method. Specifically, we propose to learn a set of class-agnostic latent features shared among the head and tail classes. Then, we implicitly enrich the training sample diversity via applying semantic data augmentation to the latent features. Extensive experiments on five long-tailed image recognition datasets demonstrate that our proposed LCReg is able to significantly outperform previous methods and achieve state-of-the-art results.      
### 21.Unified Recurrence Modeling for Video Action Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01009.pdf)
>  Forecasting future events based on evidence of current conditions is an innate skill of human beings, and key for predicting the outcome of any decision making. In artificial vision for example, we would like to predict the next human action before it happens, without observing the future video frames associated to it. Computer vision models for action anticipation are expected to collect the subtle evidence in the preamble of the target actions. In prior studies recurrence modeling often leads to better performance, the strong temporal inference is assumed to be a key element for reasonable prediction. To this end, we propose a unified recurrence modeling for video action anticipation via message passing framework. The information flow in space-time can be described by the interaction between vertices and edges, and the changes of vertices for each incoming frame reflects the underlying dynamics. Our model leverages self-attention as the building blocks for each of the message passing functions. In addition, we introduce different edge learning strategies that can be end-to-end optimized to gain better flexibility for the connectivity between vertices. Our experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms previous works on the large-scale EPIC-Kitchen dataset.      
### 22.Is Mapping Necessary for Realistic PointGoal Navigation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00997.pdf)
>  Can an autonomous agent navigate in a new environment without building an explicit map? <br>For the task of PointGoal navigation ('Go to $\Delta x$, $\Delta y$') under idealized settings (no RGB-D and actuation noise, perfect GPS+Compass), the answer is a clear 'yes' - map-less neural models composed of task-agnostic components (CNNs and RNNs) trained with large-scale reinforcement learning achieve 100% Success on a standard dataset (Gibson). However, for PointNav in a realistic setting (RGB-D and actuation noise, no GPS+Compass), this is an open question; one we tackle in this paper. The strongest published result for this task is 71.7% Success. <br>First, we identify the main (perhaps, only) cause of the drop in performance: the absence of GPS+Compass. An agent with perfect GPS+Compass faced with RGB-D sensing and actuation noise achieves 99.8% Success (Gibson-v2 val). This suggests that (to paraphrase a meme) robust visual odometry is all we need for realistic PointNav; if we can achieve that, we can ignore the sensing and actuation noise. <br>With that as our operating hypothesis, we scale the dataset and model size, and develop human-annotation-free data-augmentation techniques to train models for visual odometry. We advance the state of art on the Habitat Realistic PointNav Challenge from 71% to 94% Success (+32, 4% relative) and 53% to 74% SPL (+39, 6% relative). While our approach does not saturate or 'solve' this dataset, this strong improvement combined with promising zero-shot sim2real transfer (to a LoCoBot) provides evidence consistent with the hypothesis that explicit mapping may not be necessary for navigation, even in a realistic setting.      
### 23.CVM-Cervix: A Hybrid Cervical Pap-Smear Image Classification Framework Using CNN, Visual Transformer and Multilayer Perceptron  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00971.pdf)
>  Cervical cancer is the seventh most common cancer among all the cancers worldwide and the fourth most common cancer among women. Cervical cytopathology image classification is an important method to diagnose cervical cancer. Manual screening of cytopathology images is time-consuming and error-prone. The emergence of the automatic computer-aided diagnosis system solves this problem. This paper proposes a framework called CVM-Cervix based on deep learning to perform cervical cell classification tasks. It can analyze pap slides quickly and accurately. CVM-Cervix first proposes a Convolutional Neural Network module and a Visual Transformer module for local and global feature extraction respectively, then a Multilayer Perceptron module is designed to fuse the local and global features for the final classification. Experimental results show the effectiveness and potential of the proposed CVM-Cervix in the field of cervical Pap smear image classification. In addition, according to the practical needs of clinical work, we perform a lightweight post-processing to compress the model.      
### 24.SparseDet: Towards End-to-End 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00960.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose SparseDet for end-to-end 3D object detection from point cloud. Existing works on 3D object detection rely on dense object candidates over all locations in a 3D or 2D grid following the mainstream methods for object detection in 2D images. However, this dense paradigm requires expertise in data to fulfill the gap between label and detection. As a new detection paradigm, SparseDet maintains a fixed set of learnable proposals to represent latent candidates and directly perform classification and localization for 3D objects through stacked transformers. It demonstrates that effective 3D object detection can be achieved with none of post-processing such as redundant removal and non-maximum suppression. With a properly designed network, SparseDet achieves highly competitive detection accuracy while running with a more efficient speed of 34.5 FPS. We believe this end-to-end paradigm of SparseDet will inspire new thinking on the sparsity of 3D object detection.      
### 25.A Bhattacharyya Coefficient-Based Framework for Noise Model-Aware Random Walker Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00947.pdf)
>  One well established method of interactive image segmentation is the random walker algorithm. Considerable research on this family of segmentation methods has been continuously conducted in recent years with numerous applications. These methods are common in using a simple Gaussian weight function which depends on a parameter that strongly influences the segmentation performance. In this work we propose a general framework of deriving weight functions based on probabilistic modeling. This framework can be concretized to cope with virtually any well-defined noise model. It eliminates the critical parameter and thus avoids time-consuming parameter search. We derive the specific weight functions for common noise types and show their superior performance on synthetic data as well as different biomedical image data (MRI images from the NYU fastMRI dataset, larvae images acquired with the FIM technique). Our framework can also be used in multiple other applications, e.g., the graph cut algorithm and its extensions.      
### 26.Predicting Physical Object Properties from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00930.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to estimating physical properties of objects from video. Our approach consists of a physics engine and a correction estimator. Starting from the initial observed state, object behavior is simulated forward in time. Based on the simulated and observed behavior, the correction estimator then determines refined physical parameters for each object. The method can be iterated for increased precision. Our approach is generic, as it allows for the use of an arbitrary - not necessarily differentiable - physics engine and correction estimator. For the latter, we evaluate both gradient-free hyperparameter optimization and a deep convolutional neural network. We demonstrate faster and more robust convergence of the learned method in several simulated 2D scenarios focusing on bin situations.      
### 27.FACM: Correct the Output of Deep Neural Network with Middle Layers Features against Adversarial Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00924.pdf)
>  In the strong adversarial attacks against deep neural network (DNN), the output of DNN will be misclassified if and only if the last feature layer of the DNN is completely destroyed by adversarial samples, while our studies found that the middle feature layers of the DNN can still extract the effective features of the original normal category in these adversarial attacks. To this end, in this paper, a middle $\bold{F}$eature layer $\bold{A}$nalysis and $\bold{C}$onditional $\bold{M}$atching prediction distribution (FACM) model is proposed to increase the robustness of the DNN against adversarial samples through correcting the output of DNN with the features extracted by the middle layers of DNN. In particular, the middle $\bold{F}$eature layer $\bold{A}$nalysis (FA) module, the conditional matching prediction distribution (CMPD) module and the output decision module are included in our FACM model to collaboratively correct the classification of adversarial samples. The experiments results show that, our FACM model can significantly improve the robustness of the naturally trained model against various attacks, and our FA model can significantly improve the robustness of the adversarially trained model against white-box attacks with weak transferability and black box attacks where FA model includes the FA module and the output decision module, not the CMPD module.      
### 28.Modeling Image Composition for Complex Scene Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00923.pdf)
>  We present a method that achieves state-of-the-art results on challenging (few-shot) layout-to-image generation tasks by accurately modeling textures, structures and relationships contained in a complex scene. After compressing RGB images into patch tokens, we propose the Transformer with Focal Attention (TwFA) for exploring dependencies of object-to-object, object-to-patch and patch-to-patch. Compared to existing CNN-based and Transformer-based generation models that entangled modeling on pixel-level&amp;patch-level and object-level&amp;patch-level respectively, the proposed focal attention predicts the current patch token by only focusing on its highly-related tokens that specified by the spatial layout, thereby achieving disambiguation during training. Furthermore, the proposed TwFA largely increases the data efficiency during training, therefore we propose the first few-shot complex scene generation strategy based on the well-trained TwFA. Comprehensive experiments show the superiority of our method, which significantly increases both quantitative metrics and qualitative visual realism with respect to state-of-the-art CNN-based and transformer-based methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JohnDreamer/TwFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.MISSU: 3D Medical Image Segmentation via Self-distilling TransUNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00902.pdf)
>  U-Nets have achieved tremendous success in medical image segmentation. Nevertheless, it may suffer limitations in global (long-range) contextual interactions and edge-detail preservation. In contrast, Transformer has an excellent ability to capture long-range dependencies by leveraging the self-attention mechanism into the encoder. Although Transformer was born to model the long-range dependency on the extracted feature maps, it still suffers from extreme computational and spatial complexities in processing high-resolution 3D feature maps. This motivates us to design the efficiently Transformer-based UNet model and study the feasibility of Transformer-based network architectures for medical image segmentation tasks. To this end, we propose to self-distill a Transformer-based UNet for medical image segmentation, which simultaneously learns global semantic information and local spatial-detailed features. Meanwhile, a local multi-scale fusion block is first proposed to refine fine-grained details from the skipped connections in the encoder by the main CNN stem through self-distillation, only computed during training and removed at inference with minimal overhead. Extensive experiments on BraTS 2019 and CHAOS datasets show that our MISSU achieves the best performance over previous state-of-the-art methods. Code and models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangn123/MISSU.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 30.xView3-SAR: Detecting Dark Fishing Activity Using Synthetic Aperture Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00897.pdf)
>  Unsustainable fishing practices worldwide pose a major threat to marine resources and ecosystems. Identifying vessels that evade monitoring systems -- known as "dark vessels" -- is key to managing and securing the health of marine environments. With the rise of satellite-based synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imaging and modern machine learning (ML), it is now possible to automate detection of dark vessels day or night, under all-weather conditions. SAR images, however, require domain-specific treatment and is not widely accessible to the ML community. Moreover, the objects (vessels) are small and sparse, challenging traditional computer vision approaches. We present the largest labeled dataset for training ML models to detect and characterize vessels from SAR. xView3-SAR consists of nearly 1,000 analysis-ready SAR images from the Sentinel-1 mission that are, on average, 29,400-by-24,400 pixels each. The images are annotated using a combination of automated and manual analysis. Co-located bathymetry and wind state rasters accompany every SAR image. We provide an overview of the results from the xView3 Computer Vision Challenge, an international competition using xView3-SAR for ship detection and characterization at large scale. We release the data (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://iuu.xview.us/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) and code (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DIUx-xView" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) to support ongoing development and evaluation of ML approaches for this important application.      
### 31.Leveraging Systematic Knowledge of 2D Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00893.pdf)
>  The existing deep learning models suffer from out-of-distribution (o.o.d.) performance drop in computer vision tasks. In comparison, humans have a remarkable ability to interpret images, even if the scenes in the images are rare, thanks to the systematicity of acquired knowledge. This work focuses on 1) the acquisition of systematic knowledge of 2D transformations, and 2) architectural components that can leverage the learned knowledge in image classification tasks in an o.o.d. setting. With a new training methodology based on synthetic datasets that are constructed under the causal framework, the deep neural networks acquire knowledge from semantically different domains (e.g. even from noise), and exhibit certain level of systematicity in parameter estimation experiments. Based on this, a novel architecture is devised consisting of a classifier, an estimator and an identifier (abbreviated as "CED"). By emulating the "hypothesis-verification" process in human visual perception, CED improves the classification accuracy significantly on test sets under covariate shift.      
### 32.EfficientNeRF: Efficient Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00878.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) has been wildly applied to various tasks for its high-quality representation of 3D scenes. It takes long per-scene training time and per-image testing time. In this paper, we present EfficientNeRF as an efficient NeRF-based method to represent 3D scene and synthesize novel-view images. Although several ways exist to accelerate the training or testing process, it is still difficult to much reduce time for both phases simultaneously. We analyze the density and weight distribution of the sampled points then propose valid and pivotal sampling at the coarse and fine stage, respectively, to significantly improve sampling efficiency. In addition, we design a novel data structure to cache the whole scene during testing to accelerate the rendering speed. Overall, our method can reduce over 88\% of training time, reach rendering speed of over 200 FPS, while still achieving competitive accuracy. Experiments prove that our method promotes the practicality of NeRF in the real world and enables many applications.      
### 33.Disentangled Generation Network for Enlarged License Plate Recognition and A Unified Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00859.pdf)
>  License plate recognition plays a critical role in many practical applications, but license plates of large vehicles are difficult to be recognized due to the factors of low resolution, contamination, low illumination, and occlusion, to name a few. To overcome the above factors, the transportation management department generally introduces the enlarged license plate behind the rear of a vehicle. However, enlarged license plates have high diversity as they are non-standard in position, size, and style. Furthermore, the background regions contain a variety of noisy information which greatly disturbs the recognition of license plate characters. Existing works have not studied this challenging problem. In this work, we first address the enlarged license plate recognition problem and contribute a dataset containing 9342 images, which cover most of the challenges of real scenes. However, the created data are still insufficient to train deep methods of enlarged license plate recognition, and building large-scale training data is very time-consuming and high labor cost. To handle this problem, we propose a novel task-level disentanglement generation framework based on the Disentangled Generation Network (DGNet), which disentangles the generation into the text generation and background generation in an end-to-end manner to effectively ensure diversity and integrity, for robust enlarged license plate recognition. Extensive experiments on the created dataset are conducted, and we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in three representative text recognition frameworks.      
### 34.Modeling sRGB Camera Noise with Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00812.pdf)
>  Noise modeling and reduction are fundamental tasks in low-level computer vision. They are particularly important for smartphone cameras relying on small sensors that exhibit visually noticeable noise. There has recently been renewed interest in using data-driven approaches to improve camera noise models via neural networks. These data-driven approaches target noise present in the raw-sensor image before it has been processed by the camera's image signal processor (ISP). Modeling noise in the RAW-rgb domain is useful for improving and testing the in-camera denoising algorithm; however, there are situations where the camera's ISP does not apply denoising or additional denoising is desired when the RAW-rgb domain image is no longer available. In such cases, the sensor noise propagates through the ISP to the final rendered image encoded in standard RGB (sRGB). The nonlinear steps on the ISP culminate in a significantly more complex noise distribution in the sRGB domain and existing raw-domain noise models are unable to capture the sRGB noise distribution. We propose a new sRGB-domain noise model based on normalizing flows that is capable of learning the complex noise distribution found in sRGB images under various ISO levels. Our normalizing flows-based approach outperforms other models by a large margin in noise modeling and synthesis tasks. We also show that image denoisers trained on noisy images synthesized with our noise model outperforms those trained with noise from baselines models.      
### 35.XBound-Former: Toward Cross-scale Boundary Modeling in Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00806.pdf)
>  Skin lesion segmentation from dermoscopy images is of great significance in the quantitative analysis of skin cancers, which is yet challenging even for dermatologists due to the inherent issues, i.e., considerable size, shape and color variation, and ambiguous boundaries. Recent vision transformers have shown promising performance in handling the variation through global context modeling. Still, they have not thoroughly solved the problem of ambiguous boundaries as they ignore the complementary usage of the boundary knowledge and global contexts. In this paper, we propose a novel cross-scale boundary-aware transformer, \textbf{XBound-Former}, to simultaneously address the variation and boundary problems of skin lesion segmentation. XBound-Former is a purely attention-based network and catches boundary knowledge via three specially designed learners. We evaluate the model on two skin lesion datasets, ISIC-2016\&amp;PH$^2$ and ISIC-2018, where our model consistently outperforms other convolution- and transformer-based models, especially on the boundary-wise metrics. We extensively verify the generalization ability of polyp lesion segmentation that has similar characteristics, and our model can also yield significant improvement compared to the latest models.      
### 36.CcHarmony: Color-checker based Image Harmonization Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00800.pdf)
>  Image harmonization targets at adjusting the foreground in a composite image to make it compatible with the background, producing a more realistic and harmonious image. Training deep image harmonization network requires abundant training data, but it is extremely difficult to acquire training pairs of composite images and ground-truth harmonious images. Therefore, existing works turn to adjust the foreground appearance in a real image to create a synthetic composite image. However, such adjustment may not faithfully reflect the natural illumination change of foreground. In this work, we explore a novel transitive way to construct image harmonization dataset. Specifically, based on the existing datasets with recorded illumination information, we first convert the foreground in a real image to the standard illumination condition, and then convert it to another illumination condition, which is combined with the original background to form a synthetic composite image. In this manner, we construct an image harmonization dataset called ccHarmony, which is named after color checker (cc). The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/Image-Harmonization-Dataset-ccHarmony" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Multi-scale frequency separation network for image deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00798.pdf)
>  Image deblurring aims to restore the detailed texture information or structures from the blurry images, which has become an indispensable step in many computer-vision tasks. Although various methods have been proposed to deal with the image deblurring problem, most of them treated the blurry image as a whole and neglected the characteristics of different image frequencies. In this paper, we present a new method called multi-scale frequency separation network (MSFS-Net) for image deblurring. MSFS-Net introduces the frequency separation module (FSM) into an encoder-decoder network architecture to capture the low and high-frequency information of image at multiple scales. Then, a simple cycle-consistency strategy and a sophisticated contrastive learning module (CLM) are respectively designed to retain the low-frequency information and recover the high-frequency information during deblurring. At last, the features of different scales are fused by a cross-scale feature fusion module (CSFFM). Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets show that the proposed network achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 38.Efficient Self-supervised Vision Pretraining with Local Masked Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00790.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning for computer vision has achieved tremendous progress and improved many downstream vision tasks such as image classification, semantic segmentation, and object detection. Among these, generative self-supervised vision learning approaches such as MAE and BEiT show promising performance. However, their global masked reconstruction mechanism is computationally demanding. To address this issue, we propose local masked reconstruction (LoMaR), a simple yet effective approach that performs masked reconstruction within a small window of 7$\times$7 patches on a simple Transformer encoder, improving the trade-off between efficiency and accuracy compared to global masked reconstruction over the entire image. Extensive experiments show that LoMaR reaches 84.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K classification, outperforming MAE by 0.5%. After finetuning the pretrained LoMaR on 384$\times$384 images, it can reach 85.4% top-1 accuracy, surpassing MAE by 0.6%. On MS COCO, LoMaR outperforms MAE by 0.5 $\text{AP}^\text{box}$ on object detection and 0.5 $\text{AP}^\text{mask}$ on instance segmentation. LoMaR is especially more computation-efficient on pretraining high-resolution images, e.g., it is 3.1$\times$ faster than MAE with 0.2% higher classification accuracy on pretraining 448$\times$448 images. This local masked reconstruction learning mechanism can be easily integrated into any other generative self-supervised learning approach. Our code will be publicly available.      
### 39.Dynamic Linear Transformer for 3D Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00771.pdf)
>  Transformer-based neural networks have surpassed promising performance on many biomedical image segmentation tasks due to a better global information modeling from the self-attention mechanism. However, most methods are still designed for 2D medical images while ignoring the essential 3D volume information. The main challenge for 3D transformer-based segmentation methods is the quadratic complexity introduced by the self-attention mechanism \cite{vaswani2017attention}. In this paper, we propose a novel transformer architecture for 3D medical image segmentation using an encoder-decoder style architecture with linear complexity. Furthermore, we newly introduce a dynamic token concept to further reduce the token numbers for self-attention calculation. Taking advantage of the global information modeling, we provide uncertainty maps from different hierarchy stages. We evaluate this method on multiple challenging CT pancreas segmentation datasets. Our promising results show that our novel 3D Transformer-based segmentor could provide promising highly feasible segmentation performance and accurate uncertainty quantification using single annotation. Code is available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/freshman97/LinTransUNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Residual Multiplicative Filter Networks for Multiscale Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00746.pdf)
>  Coordinate networks like Multiplicative Filter Networks (MFNs) and BACON offer some control over the frequency spectrum used to represent continuous signals such as images or 3D volumes. Yet, they are not readily applicable to problems for which coarse-to-fine estimation is required, including various inverse problems in which coarse-to-fine optimization plays a key role in avoiding poor local minima. We introduce a new coordinate network architecture and training scheme that enables coarse-to-fine optimization with fine-grained control over the frequency support of learned reconstructions. This is achieved with two key innovations. First, we incorporate skip connections so that structure at one scale is preserved when fitting finer-scale structure. Second, we propose a novel initialization scheme to provide control over the model frequency spectrum at each stage of optimization. We demonstrate how these modifications enable multiscale optimization for coarse-to-fine fitting to natural images. We then evaluate our model on synthetically generated datasets for the the problem of single-particle cryo-EM reconstruction. We learn high resolution multiscale structures, on par with the state-of-the art.      
### 41.Cascaded Video Generation for Videos In-the-Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00735.pdf)
>  Videos can be created by first outlining a global view of the scene and then adding local details. Inspired by this idea we propose a cascaded model for video generation which follows a coarse to fine approach. First our model generates a low resolution video, establishing the global scene structure, which is then refined by subsequent cascade levels operating at larger resolutions. We train each cascade level sequentially on partial views of the videos, which reduces the computational complexity of our model and makes it scalable to high-resolution videos with many frames. We empirically validate our approach on UCF101 and Kinetics-600, for which our model is competitive with the state-of-the-art. We further demonstrate the scaling capabilities of our model and train a three-level model on the BDD100K dataset which generates 256x256 pixels videos with 48 frames.      
### 42.Context-Driven Detection of Invertebrate Species in Deep-Sea Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00718.pdf)
>  Each year, underwater remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) collect thousands of hours of video of unexplored ocean habitats revealing a plethora of information regarding biodiversity on Earth. However, fully utilizing this information remains a challenge as proper annotations and analysis require trained scientists time, which is both limited and costly. To this end, we present a Dataset for Underwater Substrate and Invertebrate Analysis (DUSIA), a benchmark suite and growing large-scale dataset to train, validate, and test methods for temporally localizing four underwater substrates as well as temporally and spatially localizing 59 underwater invertebrate species. DUSIA currently includes over ten hours of footage across 25 videos captured in 1080p at 30 fps by an ROV following pre planned transects across the ocean floor near the Channel Islands of California. Each video includes annotations indicating the start and end times of substrates across the video in addition to counts of species of interest. Some frames are annotated with precise bounding box locations for invertebrate species of interest, as seen in Figure 1. To our knowledge, DUSIA is the first dataset of its kind for deep sea exploration, with video from a moving camera, that includes substrate annotations and invertebrate species that are present at significant depths where sunlight does not penetrate. Additionally, we present the novel context-driven object detector (CDD) where we use explicit substrate classification to influence an object detection network to simultaneously predict a substrate and species class influenced by that substrate. We also present a method for improving training on partially annotated bounding box frames. Finally, we offer a baseline method for automating the counting of invertebrate species of interest.      
### 43.Hard Negative Sampling Strategies for Contrastive Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01197.pdf)
>  One of the challenges in contrastive learning is the selection of appropriate \textit{hard negative} examples, in the absence of label information. Random sampling or importance sampling methods based on feature similarity often lead to sub-optimal performance. In this work, we introduce UnReMix, a hard negative sampling strategy that takes into account anchor similarity, model uncertainty and representativeness. Experimental results on several benchmarks show that UnReMix improves negative sample selection, and subsequently downstream performance when compared to state-of-the-art contrastive learning methods.      
### 44.Deep Learning on Implicit Neural Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01178.pdf)
>  Implicit neural representations (INRs) have become fast, lightweight tools for storing continuous data, but to date there is no general method for learning directly with INRs as a data representation. We introduce a principled deep learning framework for learning and inference directly with INRs of any type without reverting to grid-based features or operations. Our INR-Nets evaluate INRs on a low discrepancy sequence, enabling quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) integration throughout the network. We prove INR-Nets are universal approximators on a large class of maps between $L^2$ functions. Additionally, INR-Nets have convergent gradients under the empirical measure, enabling backpropagation. We design INR-Nets as a continuous generalization of discrete networks, enabling them to be initialized with pre-trained models. We demonstrate learning of INR-Nets on classification (INR$\to$label) and segmentation (INR$\to$INR) tasks.      
### 45.Comparing Conventional and Deep Feature Models for Classifying Fundus Photography of Hemorrhages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01118.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy is an eye-related pathology creating abnormalities and causing visual impairment, proper treatment of which requires identifying irregularities. This research uses a hemorrhage detection method and compares classification of conventional and deep features. Especially, method identifies hemorrhage connected with blood vessels or reside at retinal border and reported challenging. Initially, adaptive brightness adjustment and contrast enhancement rectify degraded images. Prospective locations of hemorrhages are estimated by a Gaussian matched filter, entropy thresholding, and morphological operation. Hemorrhages are segmented by a novel technique based on regional variance of intensities. Features are then extracted by conventional methods and deep models for training support vector machines, and results evaluated. Evaluation metrics for each model are promising, but findings suggest that comparatively, deep models are more effective than conventional features.      
### 46.Noise2NoiseFlow: Realistic Camera Noise Modeling without Clean Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01103.pdf)
>  Image noise modeling is a long-standing problem with many applications in computer vision. Early attempts that propose simple models, such as signal-independent additive white Gaussian noise or the heteroscedastic Gaussian noise model (a.k.a., camera noise level function) are not sufficient to learn the complex behavior of the camera sensor noise. Recently, more complex learning-based models have been proposed that yield better results in noise synthesis and downstream tasks, such as denoising. However, their dependence on supervised data (i.e., paired clean images) is a limiting factor given the challenges in producing ground-truth images. This paper proposes a framework for training a noise model and a denoiser simultaneously while relying only on pairs of noisy images rather than noisy/clean paired image data. We apply this framework to the training of the Noise Flow architecture. The noise synthesis and density estimation results show that our framework outperforms previous signal-processing-based noise models and is on par with its supervised counterpart. The trained denoiser is also shown to significantly improve upon both supervised and weakly supervised baseline denoising approaches. The results indicate that the joint training of a denoiser and a noise model yields significant improvements in the denoiser.      
### 47.A Dual-fusion Semantic Segmentation Framework With GAN For SAR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01096.pdf)
>  Deep learning based semantic segmentation is one of the popular methods in remote sensing image segmentation. In this paper, a network based on the widely used encoderdecoder architecture is proposed to accomplish the synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images segmentation. With the better representation capability of optical images, we propose to enrich SAR images with generated optical images via the generative adversative network (GAN) trained by numerous SAR and optical images. These optical images can be used as expansions of original SAR images, thus ensuring robust result of segmentation. Then the optical images generated by the GAN are stitched together with the corresponding real images. An attention module following the stitched data is used to strengthen the representation of the objects. Experiments indicate that our method is efficient compared to other commonly used methods      
### 48.A DTCWT-SVD Based Video Watermarking resistant to frame rate conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01094.pdf)
>  Videos can be easily tampered, copied and redistributed by attackers for illegal and monetary usage. Such behaviors severely jeopardize the interest of content owners. Despite huge efforts made in digital video watermarking for copyright protection, typical distortions in video transmission including signal attacks, geometric attacks and temporal synchronization attacks can still easily erase the embedded signal. Among them, temporal synchronization attacks which include frame dropping, frame insertion and frame rate conversion is one of the most prevalent attacks. To address this issue, we present a new video watermarking based on joint Dual-Tree Cosine Wavelet Transformation (DTCWT) and Singular Value Decomposition (SVD), which is resistant to frame rate conversion. We first extract a set of candidate coefficient by applying SVD decomposition after DTCWT transform. Then, we simulate the watermark embedding by adjusting the shape of candidate coefficient. Finally, we perform group-level watermarking that includes moderate temporal redundancy to resist temporal desynchronization attacks. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed scheme is more resilient to temporal desynchronization attacks and performs better than the existing blind video watermarking schemes.      
### 49.Machine Learning-based Lung and Colon Cancer Detection using Deep Feature Extraction and Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01088.pdf)
>  Cancer is a fatal disease caused by a combination of genetic diseases and a variety of biochemical abnormalities. Lung and colon cancer have emerged as two of the leading causes of death and disability in humans. The histopathological detection of such malignancies is usually the most important component in determining the best course of action. Early detection of the ailment on either front considerably decreases the likelihood of mortality. Machine learning and deep learning techniques can be utilized to speed up such cancer detection, allowing researchers to study a large number of patients in a much shorter amount of time and at a lower cost. In this research work, we introduced a hybrid ensemble feature extraction model to efficiently identify lung and colon cancer. It integrates deep feature extraction and ensemble learning with high-performance filtering for cancer image datasets. The model is evaluated on histopathological (LC25000) lung and colon datasets. According to the study findings, our hybrid model can detect lung, colon, and (lung and colon) cancer with accuracy rates of 99.05%, 100%, and 99.30%, respectively. The study's findings show that our proposed strategy outperforms existing models significantly. Thus, these models could be applicable in clinics to support the doctor in the diagnosis of cancers.      
### 50.Introducing One Sided Margin Loss for Solving Classification Problems in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01002.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new loss function, OSM (One-Sided Margin), to solve maximum-margin classification problems effectively. Unlike the hinge loss, in OSM the margin is explicitly determined with corresponding hyperparameters and then the classification problem is solved. In experiments, we observe that using OSM loss leads to faster training speeds and better accuracies than binary and categorical cross-entropy in several commonly used deep models for classification and optical character recognition problems. <br>OSM has consistently shown better classification accuracies over cross-entropy and hinge losses for small to large neural networks. it has also led to a more efficient training procedure. We achieved state-of-the-art accuracies for small networks on several benchmark datasets of CIFAR10(98.82\%), CIFAR100(91.56\%), Flowers(98.04\%), Stanford Cars(93.91\%) with considerable improvements over other loss functions. Moreover, the accuracies are rather better than cross-entropy and hinge loss for large networks. Therefore, we strongly believe that OSM is a powerful alternative to hinge and cross-entropy losses to train deep neural networks on classification tasks.      
### 51.StopNet: Scalable Trajectory and Occupancy Prediction for Urban Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00991.pdf)
>  We introduce a motion forecasting (behavior prediction) method that meets the latency requirements for autonomous driving in dense urban environments without sacrificing accuracy. A whole-scene sparse input representation allows StopNet to scale to predicting trajectories for hundreds of road agents with reliable latency. In addition to predicting trajectories, our scene encoder lends itself to predicting whole-scene probabilistic occupancy grids, a complementary output representation suitable for busy urban environments. Occupancy grids allow the AV to reason collectively about the behavior of groups of agents without processing their individual trajectories. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our sparse input representation and our model in terms of computation and accuracy over three datasets. We further show that co-training consistent trajectory and occupancy predictions improves upon state-of-the-art performance under standard metrics.      
### 52.Feature Space Particle Inference for Neural Network Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00944.pdf)
>  Ensembles of deep neural networks demonstrate improved performance over single models. For enhancing the diversity of ensemble members while keeping their performance, particle-based inference methods offer a promising approach from a Bayesian perspective. However, the best way to apply these methods to neural networks is still unclear: seeking samples from the weight-space posterior suffers from inefficiency due to the over-parameterization issues, while seeking samples directly from the function-space posterior often results in serious underfitting. In this study, we propose optimizing particles in the feature space where the activation of a specific intermediate layer lies to address the above-mentioned difficulties. Our method encourages each member to capture distinct features, which is expected to improve ensemble prediction robustness. Extensive evaluation on real-world datasets shows that our model significantly outperforms the gold-standard Deep Ensembles on various metrics, including accuracy, calibration, and robustness. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DensoITLab/featurePI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 53.Improving Diffusion Models for Inverse Problems using Manifold Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00941.pdf)
>  Recently, diffusion models have been used to solve various inverse problems in an unsupervised manner with appropriate modifications to the sampling process. However, the current solvers, which recursively apply a reverse diffusion step followed by a measurement consistency step, often produce sub-optimal results. By studying the generative sampling path, here we show that current solvers throw the sample path off the data manifold, and hence the error accumulates. To address this, we propose an additional correction term inspired by the manifold constraint, which can be used synergistically with the previous solvers to make the iterations close to the manifold. The proposed manifold constraint is straightforward to implement within a few lines of code, yet boosts the performance by a surprisingly large margin. With extensive experiments, we show that our method is superior to the previous methods both theoretically and empirically, producing promising results in many applications such as image inpainting, colorization, and sparse-view computed tomography.      
### 54.Mask-Guided Divergence Loss Improves the Generalization and Robustness of Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00913.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) with dropout can be regarded as an ensemble model consisting of lots of sub-DNNs (i.e., an ensemble sub-DNN where the sub-DNN is the remaining part of the DNN after dropout), and through increasing the diversity of the ensemble sub-DNN, the generalization and robustness of the DNN can be effectively improved. In this paper, a mask-guided divergence loss function (MDL), which consists of a cross-entropy loss term and an orthogonal term, is proposed to increase the diversity of the ensemble sub-DNN by the added orthogonal term. Particularly, the mask technique is introduced to assist in generating the orthogonal term for avoiding overfitting of the diversity learning. The theoretical analysis and extensive experiments on 4 datasets (i.e., MNIST, FashionMNIST, CIFAR10, and CIFAR100) manifest that MDL can improve the generalization and robustness of standard training and adversarial training. For CIFAR10 and CIFAR100, in standard training, the maximum improvement of accuracy is $1.38\%$ on natural data, $30.97\%$ on FGSM (i.e., Fast Gradient Sign Method) attack, $38.18\%$ on PGD (i.e., Projected Gradient Descent) attack. While in adversarial training, the maximum improvement is $1.68\%$ on natural data, $4.03\%$ on FGSM attack and $2.65\%$ on PGD attack.      
### 55.Dynamic MRI using Learned Transform-based Deep Tensor Low-Rank Network (DTLR-Net)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00850.pdf)
>  While low-rank matrix prior has been exploited in dynamic MR image reconstruction and has obtained satisfying performance, low-rank tensors models have recently emerged as powerful alternative representations for three-dimensional dynamic MR datasets. In this paper, we introduce a model-based deep learning network by learning the tensor low-rank prior of the cardiac dynamic MR images. Instead of representing the dynamic dataset as a low-rank tensor directly, we propose a learned transformation operator to exploit the tensor low-rank property in a transform domain. In particular, by generalizing the t-SVD tensor decomposition into a unitary transformed t-SVD, we define a transformed tensor nuclear norm (TTNN) to enforce the tensor low-rankness. The dynamic MRI reconstruction problem is thus formulated using a TTNN regularized optimization problem. An iterative algorithm based on ADMM used to minimize the cost is unrolled into a deep network, where the transform is learned using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to promote the reconstruction quality in the feature domain. Experimental results on cardiac cine MRI reconstruction demonstrate that the proposed framework is able to provide improved recovery results compared with the state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 56.Hyperspherical Consistency Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00845.pdf)
>  Recent advances in contrastive learning have enlightened diverse applications across various semi-supervised fields. Jointly training supervised learning and unsupervised learning with a shared feature encoder becomes a common scheme. Though it benefits from taking advantage of both feature-dependent information from self-supervised learning and label-dependent information from supervised learning, this scheme remains suffering from bias of the classifier. In this work, we systematically explore the relationship between self-supervised learning and supervised learning, and study how self-supervised learning helps robust data-efficient deep learning. We propose hyperspherical consistency regularization (HCR), a simple yet effective plug-and-play method, to regularize the classifier using feature-dependent information and thus avoid bias from labels. Specifically, HCR first projects logits from the classifier and feature projections from the projection head on the respective hypersphere, then it enforces data points on hyperspheres to have similar structures by minimizing binary cross entropy of pairwise distances' similarity metrics. Extensive experiments on semi-supervised and weakly-supervised learning demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, by showing superior performance with HCR.      
### 57.DepthShrinker: A New Compression Paradigm Towards Boosting Real-Hardware Efficiency of Compact Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00843.pdf)
>  Efficient deep neural network (DNN) models equipped with compact operators (e.g., depthwise convolutions) have shown great potential in reducing DNNs' theoretical complexity (e.g., the total number of weights/operations) while maintaining a decent model accuracy. However, existing efficient DNNs are still limited in fulfilling their promise in boosting real-hardware efficiency, due to their commonly adopted compact operators' low hardware utilization. In this work, we open up a new compression paradigm for developing real-hardware efficient DNNs, leading to boosted hardware efficiency while maintaining model accuracy. Interestingly, we observe that while some DNN layers' activation functions help DNNs' training optimization and achievable accuracy, they can be properly removed after training without compromising the model accuracy. Inspired by this observation, we propose a framework dubbed DepthShrinker, which develops hardware-friendly compact networks via shrinking the basic building blocks of existing efficient DNNs that feature irregular computation patterns into dense ones with much improved hardware utilization and thus real-hardware efficiency. Excitingly, our DepthShrinker framework delivers hardware-friendly compact networks that outperform both state-of-the-art efficient DNNs and compression techniques, e.g., a 3.06\% higher accuracy and 1.53$\times$ throughput on Tesla V100 over SOTA channel-wise pruning method MetaPruning. Our codes are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RICE-EIC/DepthShrinker" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Dynamic Cardiac MRI Reconstruction Using Combined Tensor Nuclear Norm and Casorati Matrix Nuclear Norm Regularizations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00831.pdf)
>  Low-rank tensor models have been applied in accelerating dynamic magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI). Recently, a new tensor nuclear norm based on t-SVD has been proposed and applied to tensor completion. Inspired by the different properties of the tensor nuclear norm (TNN) and the Casorati matrix nuclear norm (MNN), we introduce a combined TNN and Casorati MNN regularizations framework to reconstruct dMRI, which we term as TMNN. The proposed method simultaneously exploits the spatial structure and the temporal correlation of the dynamic MR data. The optimization problem can be efficiently solved by the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). In order to further improve the computational efficiency, we develop a fast algorithm under the Cartesian sampling scenario. Numerical experiments based on cardiac cine MRI and perfusion MRI data demonstrate the performance improvement over the traditional Casorati nuclear norm regularization method.      
### 59.Distilling Knowledge from Object Classification to Aesthetics Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00809.pdf)
>  In this work, we point out that the major dilemma of image aesthetics assessment (IAA) comes from the abstract nature of aesthetic labels. That is, a vast variety of distinct contents can correspond to the same aesthetic label. On the one hand, during inference, the IAA model is required to relate various distinct contents to the same aesthetic label. On the other hand, when training, it would be hard for the IAA model to learn to distinguish different contents merely with the supervision from aesthetic labels, since aesthetic labels are not directly related to any specific content. To deal with this dilemma, we propose to distill knowledge on semantic patterns for a vast variety of image contents from multiple pre-trained object classification (POC) models to an IAA model. Expecting the combination of multiple POC models can provide sufficient knowledge on various image contents, the IAA model can easier learn to relate various distinct contents to a limited number of aesthetic labels. By supervising an end-to-end single-backbone IAA model with the distilled knowledge, the performance of the IAA model is significantly improved by 4.8% in SRCC compared to the version trained only with ground-truth aesthetic labels. On specific categories of images, the SRCC improvement brought by the proposed method can achieve up to 7.2%. Peer comparison also shows that our method outperforms 10 previous IAA methods.      
### 60.Delivering Document Conversion as a Cloud Service with High Throughput and Responsiveness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00785.pdf)
>  Document understanding is a key business process in the data-driven economy since documents are central to knowledge discovery and business insights. Converting documents into a machine-processable format is a particular challenge here due to their huge variability in formats and complex structure. Accordingly, many algorithms and machine-learning methods emerged to solve particular tasks such as Optical Character Recognition (OCR), layout analysis, table-structure recovery, figure understanding, etc. We observe the adoption of such methods in document understanding solutions offered by all major cloud providers. Yet, publications outlining how such services are designed and optimized to scale in the cloud are scarce. In this paper, we focus on the case of document conversion to illustrate the particular challenges of scaling a complex data processing pipeline with a strong reliance on machine-learning methods on cloud infrastructure. Our key objective is to achieve high scalability and responsiveness for different workload profiles in a well-defined resource budget. We outline the requirements, design, and implementation choices of our document conversion service and reflect on the challenges we faced. Evidence for the scaling behavior and resource efficiency is provided for two alternative workload distribution strategies and deployment configurations. Our best-performing method achieves sustained throughput of over one million PDF pages per hour on 3072 CPU cores across 192 nodes.      
### 61.Dataset Distillation using Neural Feature Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00719.pdf)
>  Dataset distillation aims to learn a small synthetic dataset that preserves most of the information from the original dataset. Dataset distillation can be formulated as a bi-level meta-learning problem where the outer loop optimizes the meta-dataset and the inner loop trains a model on the distilled data. Meta-gradient computation is one of the key challenges in this formulation, as differentiating through the inner loop learning procedure introduces significant computation and memory costs. In this paper, we address these challenges using neural Feature Regression with Pooling (FRePo), achieving the state-of-the-art performance with an order of magnitude less memory requirement and two orders of magnitude faster training than previous methods. The proposed algorithm is analogous to truncated backpropagation through time with a pool of models to alleviate various types of overfitting in dataset distillation. FRePo significantly outperforms the previous methods on CIFAR100, Tiny ImageNet, and ImageNet-1K. Furthermore, we show that high-quality distilled data can greatly improve various downstream applications, such as continual learning and membership inference defense.      
