# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 20 Jun 2022
### 1.TAVA: Template-free Animatable Volumetric Actors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08929.pdf)
>  Coordinate-based volumetric representations have the potential to generate photo-realistic virtual avatars from images. However, virtual avatars also need to be controllable even to a novel pose that may not have been observed. Traditional techniques, such as LBS, provide such a function; yet it usually requires a hand-designed body template, 3D scan data, and limited appearance models. On the other hand, neural representation has been shown to be powerful in representing visual details, but are under explored on deforming dynamic articulated actors. In this paper, we propose TAVA, a method to create T emplate-free Animatable Volumetric Actors, based on neural representations. We rely solely on multi-view data and a tracked skeleton to create a volumetric model of an actor, which can be animated at the test time given novel pose. Since TAVA does not require a body template, it is applicable to humans as well as other creatures such as animals. Furthermore, TAVA is designed such that it can recover accurate dense correspondences, making it amenable to content-creation and editing tasks. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed method generalizes well to novel poses as well as unseen views and showcase basic editing capabilities.      
### 2.Cross-task Attention Mechanism for Dense Multi-task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08927.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning has recently become a promising solution for a comprehensive understanding of complex scenes. Not only being memory-efficient, multi-task models with an appropriate design can favor exchange of complementary signals across tasks. In this work, we jointly address 2D semantic segmentation, and two geometry-related tasks, namely dense depth, surface normal estimation as well as edge estimation showing their benefit on indoor and outdoor datasets. We propose a novel multi-task learning architecture that exploits pair-wise cross-task exchange through correlation-guided attention and self-attention to enhance the average representation learning for all tasks. We conduct extensive experiments considering three multi-task setups, showing the benefit of our proposal in comparison to competitive baselines in both synthetic and real benchmarks. We also extend our method to the novel multi-task unsupervised domain adaptation setting. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cv-rits/DenseMTL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.VectorMapNet: End-to-end Vectorized HD Map Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08920.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving systems require a good understanding of surrounding environments, including moving obstacles and static High-Definition (HD) semantic maps. Existing methods approach the semantic map problem by offline manual annotations, which suffer from serious scalability issues. More recent learning-based methods produce dense rasterized segmentation predictions which do not include instance information of individual map elements and require heuristic post-processing that involves many hand-designed components, to obtain vectorized maps. To that end, we introduce an end-to-end vectorized HD map learning pipeline, termed VectorMapNet. VectorMapNet takes onboard sensor observations and predicts a sparse set of polylines primitives in the bird's-eye view to model the geometry of HD maps. Based on this pipeline, our method can explicitly model the spatial relation between map elements and generate vectorized maps that are friendly for downstream autonomous driving tasks without the need for post-processing. In our experiments, VectorMapNet achieves strong HD map learning performance on nuScenes dataset, surpassing previous state-of-the-art methods by 14.2 mAP. Qualitatively, we also show that VectorMapNet is capable of generating comprehensive maps and capturing more fine-grained details of road geometry. To the best of our knowledge, VectorMapNet is the first work designed toward end-to-end vectorized HD map learning problems.      
### 4.VLMixer: Unpaired Vision-Language Pre-training via Cross-Modal CutMix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08919.pdf)
>  Existing vision-language pre-training (VLP) methods primarily rely on paired image-text datasets, which are either annotated by enormous human labors, or crawled from the internet followed by elaborate data cleaning techniques. To reduce the dependency on well-aligned image-text pairs, it is promising to directly leverage the large-scale text-only and image-only corpora. This paper proposes a data augmentation method, namely cross-modal CutMix (CMC), for implicit cross-modal alignment learning in unpaired VLP. Specifically, CMC transforms natural sentences from the textual view into a multi-modal view, where visually-grounded words in a sentence are randomly replaced by diverse image patches with similar semantics. There are several appealing proprieties of the proposed CMC. First, it enhances the data diversity while keeping the semantic meaning intact for tackling problems where the aligned data are scarce; Second, by attaching cross-modal noise on uni-modal data, it guides models to learn token-level interactions across modalities for better denoising. Furthermore, we present a new unpaired VLP method, dubbed as VLMixer, that integrates CMC with contrastive learning to pull together the uni-modal and multi-modal views for better instance-level alignments among different modalities. Extensive experiments on five downstream tasks show that VLMixer could surpass previous state-of-the-art unpaired VLP methods.      
### 5.Unified-IO: A Unified Model for Vision, Language, and Multi-Modal Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08916.pdf)
>  We propose Unified-IO, a model that performs a large variety of AI tasks spanning classical computer vision tasks, including pose estimation, object detection, depth estimation and image generation, vision-and-language tasks such as region captioning and referring expression comprehension, to natural language processing tasks such as question answering and paraphrasing. Developing a single unified model for such a large variety of tasks poses unique challenges due to the heterogeneous inputs and outputs pertaining to each task, including RGB images, per-pixel maps, binary masks, bounding boxes, and language. We achieve this unification by homogenizing every supported input and output into a sequence of discrete vocabulary tokens. This common representation across all tasks allows us to train a single transformer-based architecture, jointly on over 80 diverse datasets in the vision and language fields. Unified-IO is the first model capable of performing all 7 tasks on the GRIT benchmark and produces strong results across 16 diverse benchmarks like NYUv2-Depth, ImageNet, VQA2.0, OK-VQA, Swig, VizWizGround, BoolQ, and SciTail, with no task or benchmark specific fine-tuning. Demos for Unified-IO are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://unified-io.allenai.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Colonoscopy 3D Video Dataset with Paired Depth from 2D-3D Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08903.pdf)
>  Screening colonoscopy is an important clinical application for several 3D computer vision techniques, including depth estimation, surface reconstruction, and missing region detection. However, the development, evaluation, and comparison of these techniques in real colonoscopy videos remain largely qualitative due to the difficulty of acquiring ground truth data. In this work, we present a Colonoscopy 3D Video Dataset (C3VD) acquired with a high definition clinical colonoscope and high-fidelity colon models for benchmarking computer vision methods in colonoscopy. We introduce a novel multimodal 2D-3D registration technique to register optical video sequences with ground truth rendered views of a known 3D model. The different modalities are registered by transforming optical images to depth maps with a Generative Adversarial Network and aligning edge features with an evolutionary optimizer. This registration method achieves an average translation error of 0.321 millimeters and an average rotation error of 0.159 degrees in simulation experiments where error-free ground truth is available. The method also leverages video information, improving registration accuracy by 55.6% for translation and 60.4% for rotation compared to single frame registration. 22 short video sequences were registered to generate 10,015 total frames with paired ground truth depth, surface normals, optical flow, occlusion, six degree-of-freedom pose, coverage maps, and 3D models. The dataset also includes screening videos acquired by a gastroenterologist with paired ground truth pose and 3D surface models. The dataset and registration source code are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://durr.jhu.edu/C3VD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 7.SimA: Simple Softmax-free Attention for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08898.pdf)
>  Recently, vision transformers have become very popular. However, deploying them in many applications is computationally expensive partly due to the Softmax layer in the attention block. We introduce a simple but effective, Softmax-free attention block, SimA, which normalizes query and key matrices with simple $\ell_1$-norm instead of using Softmax layer. Then, the attention block in SimA is a simple multiplication of three matrices, so SimA can dynamically change the ordering of the computation at the test time to achieve linear computation on the number of tokens or the number of channels. We empirically show that SimA applied to three SOTA variations of transformers, DeiT, XCiT, and CvT, results in on-par accuracy compared to the SOTA models, without any need for Softmax layer. Interestingly, changing SimA from multi-head to single-head has only a small effect on the accuracy, which simplifies the attention block further. The code is available here: $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UCDvision/sima" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{This https URL}}$      
### 8.CtrlFormer: Learning Transferable State Representation for Visual Control via Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08883.pdf)
>  Transformer has achieved great successes in learning vision and language representation, which is general across various downstream tasks. In visual control, learning transferable state representation that can transfer between different control tasks is important to reduce the training sample size. However, porting Transformer to sample-efficient visual control remains a challenging and unsolved problem. To this end, we propose a novel Control Transformer (CtrlFormer), possessing many appealing benefits that prior arts do not have. Firstly, CtrlFormer jointly learns self-attention mechanisms between visual tokens and policy tokens among different control tasks, where multitask representation can be learned and transferred without catastrophic forgetting. Secondly, we carefully design a contrastive reinforcement learning paradigm to train CtrlFormer, enabling it to achieve high sample efficiency, which is important in control problems. For example, in the DMControl benchmark, unlike recent advanced methods that failed by producing a zero score in the "Cartpole" task after transfer learning with 100k samples, CtrlFormer can achieve a state-of-the-art score with only 100k samples while maintaining the performance of previous tasks. The code and models are released in our project homepage.      
### 9.Improving Generalization of Metric Learning via Listwise Self-distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08880.pdf)
>  Most deep metric learning (DML) methods employ a strategy that forces all positive samples to be close in the embedding space while keeping them away from negative ones. However, such a strategy ignores the internal relationships of positive (negative) samples and often leads to overfitting, especially in the presence of hard samples and mislabeled samples. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective regularization, namely Listwise Self-Distillation (LSD), which progressively distills a model's own knowledge to adaptively assign a more appropriate distance target to each sample pair in a batch. LSD encourages smoother embeddings and information mining within positive (negative) samples as a way to mitigate overfitting and thus improve generalization. Our LSD can be directly integrated into general DML frameworks. Extensive experiments show that LSD consistently boosts the performance of various metric learning methods on multiple datasets.      
### 10.DGMIL: Distribution Guided Multiple Instance Learning for Whole Slide Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08861.pdf)
>  Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) is widely used in analyzing histopathological Whole Slide Images (WSIs). However, existing MIL methods do not explicitly model the data distribution, and instead they only learn a bag-level or instance-level decision boundary discriminatively by training a classifier. In this paper, we propose DGMIL: a feature distribution guided deep MIL framework for WSI classification and positive patch localization. Instead of designing complex discriminative network architectures, we reveal that the inherent feature distribution of histopathological image data can serve as a very effective guide for instance classification. We propose a cluster-conditioned feature distribution modeling method and a pseudo label-based iterative feature space refinement strategy so that in the final feature space the positive and negative instances can be easily separated. Experiments on the CAMELYON16 dataset and the TCGA Lung Cancer dataset show that our method achieves new SOTA for both global classification and positive patch localization tasks.      
### 11.A Comparative Study of Confidence Calibration in Deep Learning: From Computer Vision to Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08833.pdf)
>  Although deep learning prediction models have been successful in the discrimination of different classes, they can often suffer from poor calibration across challenging domains including healthcare. Moreover, the long-tail distribution poses great challenges in deep learning classification problems including clinical disease prediction. There are approaches proposed recently to calibrate deep prediction in computer vision, but there are no studies found to demonstrate how the representative models work in different challenging contexts. In this paper, we bridge the confidence calibration from computer vision to medical imaging with a comparative study of four high-impact calibration models. Our studies are conducted in different contexts (natural image classification and lung cancer risk estimation) including in balanced vs. imbalanced training sets and in computer vision vs. medical imaging. Our results support key findings: (1) We achieve new conclusions which are not studied under different learning contexts, e.g., combining two calibration models that both mitigate the overconfident prediction can lead to under-confident prediction, and simpler calibration models from the computer vision domain tend to be more generalizable to medical imaging. (2) We highlight the gap between general computer vision tasks and medical imaging prediction, e.g., calibration methods ideal for general computer vision tasks may in fact damage the calibration of medical imaging prediction. (3) We also reinforce previous conclusions in natural image classification settings. We believe that this study has merits to guide readers to choose calibration models and understand gaps between general computer vision and medical imaging domains.      
### 12.Video Shadow Detection via Spatio-Temporal Interpolation Consistency Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08801.pdf)
>  It is challenging to annotate large-scale datasets for supervised video shadow detection methods. Using a model trained on labeled images to the video frames directly may lead to high generalization error and temporal inconsistent results. In this paper, we address these challenges by proposing a Spatio-Temporal Interpolation Consistency Training (STICT) framework to rationally feed the unlabeled video frames together with the labeled images into an image shadow detection network training. Specifically, we propose the Spatial and Temporal ICT, in which we define two new interpolation schemes, \textit{i.e.}, the spatial interpolation and the temporal interpolation. We then derive the spatial and temporal interpolation consistency constraints accordingly for enhancing generalization in the pixel-wise classification task and for encouraging temporal consistent predictions, respectively. In addition, we design a Scale-Aware Network for multi-scale shadow knowledge learning in images, and propose a scale-consistency constraint to minimize the discrepancy among the predictions at different scales. Our proposed approach is extensively validated on the ViSha dataset and a self-annotated dataset. Experimental results show that, even without video labels, our approach is better than most state of the art supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised image/video shadow detection methods and other methods in related tasks. Code and dataset are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yihong-97/STICT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 13.The Importance of Background Information for Out of Distribution Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08794.pdf)
>  Domain generalization in medical image classification is an important problem for trustworthy machine learning to be deployed in healthcare. We find that existing approaches for domain generalization which utilize ground-truth abnormality segmentations to control feature attributions have poor out-of-distribution (OOD) performance relative to the standard baseline of empirical risk minimization (ERM). We investigate what regions of an image are important for medical image classification and show that parts of the background, that which is not contained in the abnormality segmentation, provides helpful signal. We then develop a new task-specific mask which covers all relevant regions. Utilizing this new segmentation mask significantly improves the performance of the existing methods on the OOD test sets. To obtain better generalization results than ERM, we find it necessary to scale up the training data size in addition to the usage of these task-specific masks.      
### 14.FD-CAM: Improving Faithfulness and Discriminability of Visual Explanation for CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08792.pdf)
>  Class activation map (CAM) has been widely studied for visual explanation of the internal working mechanism of convolutional neural networks. The key of existing CAM-based methods is to compute effective weights to combine activation maps in the target convolution layer. Existing gradient and score based weighting schemes have shown superiority in ensuring either the discriminability or faithfulness of the CAM, but they normally cannot excel in both properties. In this paper, we propose a novel CAM weighting scheme, named FD-CAM, to improve both the faithfulness and discriminability of the CAM-based CNN visual explanation. First, we improve the faithfulness and discriminability of the score-based weights by performing a grouped channel switching operation. Specifically, for each channel, we compute its similarity group and switch the group of channels on or off simultaneously to compute changes in the class prediction score as the weights. Then, we combine the improved score-based weights with the conventional gradient-based weights so that the discriminability of the final CAM can be further improved. We perform extensive comparisons with the state-of-the-art CAM algorithms. The quantitative and qualitative results show our FD-CAM can produce more faithful and more discriminative visual explanations of the CNNs. We also conduct experiments to verify the effectiveness of the proposed grouped channel switching and weight combination scheme on improving the results. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/crishhh1998/FD-CAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.DU-Net based Unsupervised Contrastive Learning for Cancer Segmentation in Histology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08791.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce an unsupervised cancer segmentation framework for histology images. The framework involves an effective contrastive learning scheme for extracting distinctive visual representations for segmentation. The encoder is a Deep U-Net (DU-Net) structure that contains an extra fully convolution layer compared to the normal U-Net. A contrastive learning scheme is developed to solve the problem of lacking training sets with high-quality annotations on tumour boundaries. A specific set of data augmentation techniques are employed to improve the discriminability of the learned colour features from contrastive learning. Smoothing and noise elimination are conducted using convolutional Conditional Random Fields. The experiments demonstrate competitive performance in segmentation even better than some popular supervised networks.      
### 16.Reconstructing vehicles from orthographic drawings using deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08789.pdf)
>  This paper explores the current state-of-the-art of object reconstruction from multiple orthographic drawings using deep neural networks. It proposes two algorithms to extract multiple views from a single image. The paper proposes a system based on pixel-aligned implicit functions (PIFu) and develops an advanced sampling strategy to generate signed distance samples. It also compares this approach to depth map regression from multiple views. Additionally, the paper uses a novel dataset for vehicle reconstruction from the racing game Assetto Corsa, which features higher quality models than the commonly used ShapeNET dataset. The trained neural network generalizes well to real-world inputs and creates plausible and detailed reconstructions.      
### 17.CTooth: A Fully Annotated 3D Dataset and Benchmark for Tooth Volume Segmentation on Cone Beam Computed Tomography Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08778.pdf)
>  3D tooth segmentation is a prerequisite for computer-aided dental diagnosis and treatment. However, segmenting all tooth regions manually is subjective and time-consuming. Recently, deep learning-based segmentation methods produce convincing results and reduce manual annotation efforts, but it requires a large quantity of ground truth for training. To our knowledge, there are few tooth data available for the 3D segmentation study. In this paper, we establish a fully annotated cone beam computed tomography dataset CTooth with tooth gold standard. This dataset contains 22 volumes (7363 slices) with fine tooth labels annotated by experienced radiographic interpreters. To ensure a relative even data sampling distribution, data variance is included in the CTooth including missing teeth and dental restoration. Several state-of-the-art segmentation methods are evaluated on this dataset. Afterwards, we further summarise and apply a series of 3D attention-based Unet variants for segmenting tooth volumes. This work provides a new benchmark for the tooth volume segmentation task. Experimental evidence proves that attention modules of the 3D UNet structure boost responses in tooth areas and inhibit the influence of background and noise. The best performance is achieved by 3D Unet with SKNet attention module, of 88.04 \% Dice and 78.71 \% IOU, respectively. The attention-based Unet framework outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on the CTooth dataset. The codebase and dataset are released.      
### 18.A Database for Perceived Quality Assessment of User-Generated VR Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08751.pdf)
>  Virtual reality (VR) videos (typically in the form of 360$^\circ$ videos) have gained increasing attention due to the fast development of VR technologies and the remarkable popularization of consumer-grade 360$^\circ$ cameras and displays. Thus it is pivotal to understand how people perceive user-generated VR videos, which may suffer from commingled authentic distortions, often localized in space and time. In this paper, we establish one of the largest 360$^\circ$ video databases, containing 502 user-generated videos with rich content and distortion diversities. We capture viewing behaviors (i.e., scanpaths) of 139 users, and collect their opinion scores of perceived quality under four different viewing conditions (two starting points $\times$ two exploration times). We provide a thorough statistical analysis of recorded data, resulting in several interesting observations, such as the significant impact of viewing conditions on viewing behaviors and perceived quality. Besides, we explore other usage of our data and analysis, including evaluation of computational models for quality assessment and saliency detection of 360$^\circ$ videos. We have made the dataset and code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yao-Yiru/VR-Video-Database" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.From a few Accurate 2D Correspondences to 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08749.pdf)
>  Key points, correspondences, projection matrices, point clouds and dense clouds are the skeletons in image-based 3D reconstruction, of which point clouds have the important role in generating a realistic and natural model for a 3D reconstructed object. To achieve a good 3D reconstruction, the point clouds must be almost everywhere in the surface of the object. In this article, with a main purpose to build the point clouds covering the entire surface of the object, we propose a new feature named a geodesic feature or geo-feature. Based on the new geo-feature, if there are several (given) initial world points on the object's surface along with all accurately estimated projection matrices, some new world points on the geodesics connecting any two of these given world points will be reconstructed. Then the regions on the surface bordering by these initial world points will be covered by the point clouds. Thus, if the initial world points are around the surface, the point clouds will cover the entire surface. <br>This article proposes a new method to estimate the world points and projection matrices from their correspondences. This method derives the closed-form and iterative solutions for the world points and projection matrices and proves that when the number of world points is less than seven and the number of images is at least five, the proposed solutions are global optimal. We propose an algorithm named World points from their Correspondences (WPfC) to estimate the world points and projection matrices from their correspondences, and another algorithm named Creating Point Clouds (CrPC) to create the point clouds from the world points and projection matrices given by the first algorithm.      
### 20.ReViSe: Remote Vital Signs Measurement Using Smartphone Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08748.pdf)
>  Remote Photoplethysmography (rPPG) is a fast, effective, inexpensive and convenient method for collecting biometric data as it enables vital signs estimation using face videos. Remote contactless medical service provisioning has proven to be a dire necessity during the COVID-19 pandemic. We propose an end-to-end framework to measure people's vital signs including Heart Rate (HR), Heart Rate Variability (HRV), Oxygen Saturation (SpO2) and Blood Pressure (BP) based on the rPPG methodology from the video of a user's face captured with a smartphone camera. We extract face landmarks with a deep learning-based neural network model in real-time. Multiple face patches also called Region-of-Interests (RoIs) are extracted by using the predicted face landmarks. Several filters are applied to reduce the noise from the RoIs in the extracted cardiac signals called Blood Volume Pulse (BVP) signal. We trained and validated machine learning models using two public rPPG datasets namely the TokyoTech rPPG and the Pulse Rate Detection (PURE) datasets, on which our models achieved the following Mean Absolute Errors (MAE): a) for HR, 1.73 and 3.95 Beats-Per-Minute (bpm) respectively, b) for HRV, 18.55 and 25.03 ms respectively, and c) for SpO2, a MAE of 1.64 on the PURE dataset. We validated our end-to-end rPPG framework, ReViSe, in real life environment, and thereby created the Video-HR dataset. Our HR estimation model achieved a MAE of 2.49 bpm on this dataset. Since no publicly available rPPG datasets existed for BP measurement with face videos, we used a dataset with signals from fingertip sensor to train our model and also created our own video dataset, Video-BP. On our Video-BP dataset, our BP estimation model achieved a MAE of 6.7 mmHg for Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP), and a MAE of 9.6 mmHg for Diastolic Blood Pressure (DBP).      
### 21.An Algorithm for the SE(3)-Transformation on Neural Implicit Maps for Remapping Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08712.pdf)
>  Implicit representations are widely used for object reconstruction due to their efficiency and flexibility. In 2021, a novel structure named neural implicit map has been invented for incremental reconstruction. A neural implicit map alleviates the problem of inefficient memory cost of previous online 3D dense reconstruction while producing better quality. % However, the neural implicit map suffers the limitation that it does not support remapping as the frames of scans are encoded into a deep prior after generating the neural implicit map. This means, that neither this generation process is invertible, nor a deep prior is transformable. The non-remappable property makes it not possible to apply loop-closure techniques. % We present a neural implicit map based transformation algorithm to fill this gap. As our neural implicit map is transformable, our model supports remapping for this special map of latent features. % Experiments show that our remapping module is capable to well-transform neural implicit maps to new poses. Embedded into a SLAM framework, our mapping model is able to tackle the remapping of loop closures and demonstrates high-quality surface reconstruction. % Our implementation is available at github\footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jarrome/IMT_Mapping" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}} for the research community.      
### 22.Towards Real-Time Visual Tracking with Graded Color-names Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08701.pdf)
>  MeanShift algorithm has been widely used in tracking tasks because of its simplicity and efficiency. However, the traditional MeanShift algorithm needs to label the initial region of the target, which reduces the applicability of the algorithm. Furthermore, it is only applicable to the scene with a large overlap rate between the target area and the candidate area. Therefore, when the target speed is fast, the target scale change, shape deformation or the target occlusion occurs, the tracking performance will be deteriorated. In this paper, we address the challenges above-mentioned by developing a tracking method that combines the background models and the graded features of color-names under the MeanShift framework. This method significantly improve performance in the above scenarios. In addition, it facilitates the balance between detection accuracy and detection speed. Experimental results demonstrate the validation of the proposed method.      
### 23.AggNet: Learning to Aggregate Faces for Group Membership Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08683.pdf)
>  In some face recognition applications, we are interested to verify whether an individual is a member of a group, without revealing their identity. Some existing methods, propose a mechanism for quantizing precomputed face descriptors into discrete embeddings and aggregating them into one group representation. However, this mechanism is only optimized for a given closed set of individuals and needs to learn the group representations from scratch every time the groups are changed. In this paper, we propose a deep architecture that jointly learns face descriptors and the aggregation mechanism for better end-to-end performances. The system can be applied to new groups with individuals never seen before and the scheme easily manages new memberships or membership endings. We show through experiments on multiple large-scale wild-face datasets, that the proposed method leads to higher verification performance compared to other baselines.      
### 24.Bridge-Tower: Building Bridges Between Encoders in Vision-Language Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08657.pdf)
>  Vision-Language (VL) models with the Two-Tower architecture have dominated visual-language representation learning in recent years. Current VL models either use lightweight uni-modal encoders and learn to extract, align and fuse both modalities simultaneously in a cross-modal encoder, or feed the last-layer uni-modal features directly into the top cross-modal encoder, ignoring the semantic information at the different levels in the deep uni-modal encoders. Both approaches possibly restrict vision-language representation learning and limit model performance. In this paper, we introduce multiple bridge layers that build a connection between the top layers of uni-modal encoders and each layer of the cross-modal encoder. This enables comprehensive bottom-up interactions between visual and textual representations at different semantic levels, resulting in more effective cross-modal alignment and fusion. Our proposed Bridge-Tower, pre-trained with only $4$M images, achieves state-of-the-art performance on various downstream vision-language tasks. On the VQAv2 test-std set, Bridge-Tower achieves an accuracy of $78.73\%$, outperforming the previous state-of-the-art METER model by $1.09\%$ with the same pre-training data and almost no additional parameters and computational cost. Notably, when further scaling the model, Bridge-Tower achieves an accuracy of $81.15\%$, surpassing models that are pre-trained on orders-of-magnitude larger datasets. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/BridgeTower" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Learning Implicit Feature Alignment Function for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08655.pdf)
>  Integrating high-level context information with low-level details is of central importance in semantic segmentation. Towards this end, most existing segmentation models apply bilinear up-sampling and convolutions to feature maps of different scales, and then align them at the same resolution. However, bilinear up-sampling blurs the precise information learned in these feature maps and convolutions incur extra computation costs. To address these issues, we propose the Implicit Feature Alignment function (IFA). Our method is inspired by the rapidly expanding topic of implicit neural representations, where coordinate-based neural networks are used to designate fields of signals. In IFA, feature vectors are viewed as representing a 2D field of information. Given a query coordinate, nearby feature vectors with their relative coordinates are taken from the multi-level feature maps and then fed into an MLP to generate the corresponding output. As such, IFA implicitly aligns the feature maps at different levels and is capable of producing segmentation maps in arbitrary resolutions. We demonstrate the efficacy of IFA on multiple datasets, including Cityscapes, PASCAL Context, and ADE20K. Our method can be combined with improvement on various architectures, and it achieves state-of-the-art computation-accuracy trade-off on common benchmarks. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzhupku/IFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Local Slot Attention for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08645.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language navigation (VLN), a frontier study aiming to pave the way for general-purpose robots, has been a hot topic in the computer vision and natural language processing community. The VLN task requires an agent to navigate to a goal location following natural language instructions in unfamiliar environments. <br>Recently, transformer-based models have gained significant improvements on the VLN task. Since the attention mechanism in the transformer architecture can better integrate inter- and intra-modal information of vision and language. <br>However, there exist two problems in current transformer-based models. <br>1) The models process each view independently without taking the integrity of the objects into account. <br>2) During the self-attention operation in the visual modality, the views that are spatially distant can be inter-weaved with each other without explicit restriction. This kind of mixing may introduce extra noise instead of useful information. <br>To address these issues, we propose 1) A slot-attention based module to incorporate information from segmentation of the same object. 2) A local attention mask mechanism to limit the visual attention span. The proposed modules can be easily plugged into any VLN architecture and we use the Recurrent VLN-Bert as our base model. Experiments on the R2R dataset show that our model has achieved the state-of-the-art results.      
### 27.Improving Diversity of Multiple Trajectory Prediction based on Map-adaptive Lane Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08641.pdf)
>  Prior arts in the field of motion predictions for autonomous driving tend to focus on finding a trajectory that is close to the ground truth trajectory. Such problem formulations and approaches, however, frequently lead to loss of diversity and biased trajectory predictions. Therefore, they are unsuitable for real-world autonomous driving where diverse and road-dependent multimodal trajectory predictions are critical for safety. To this end, this study proposes a novel loss function, \textit{Lane Loss}, that ensures map-adaptive diversity and accommodates geometric constraints. A two-stage trajectory prediction architecture with a novel trajectory candidate proposal module, \textit{Trajectory Prediction Attention (TPA)}, is trained with Lane Loss encourages multiple trajectories to be diversely distributed, covering feasible maneuvers in a map-aware manner. Furthermore, considering that the existing trajectory performance metrics are focusing on evaluating the accuracy based on the ground truth future trajectory, a quantitative evaluation metric is also suggested to evaluate the diversity of predicted multiple trajectories. The experiments performed on the Argoverse dataset show that the proposed method significantly improves the diversity of the predicted trajectories without sacrificing the prediction accuracy.      
### 28.Uncertainty-aware Evaluation of Time-Series Classification for Online Handwriting Recognition with Domain Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08640.pdf)
>  For many applications, analyzing the uncertainty of a machine learning model is indispensable. While research of uncertainty quantification (UQ) techniques is very advanced for computer vision applications, UQ methods for spatio-temporal data are less studied. In this paper, we focus on models for online handwriting recognition, one particular type of spatio-temporal data. The data is observed from a sensor-enhanced pen with the goal to classify written characters. We conduct a broad evaluation of aleatoric (data) and epistemic (model) UQ based on two prominent techniques for Bayesian inference, Stochastic Weight Averaging-Gaussian (SWAG) and Deep Ensembles. Next to a better understanding of the model, UQ techniques can detect out-of-distribution data and domain shifts when combining right-handed and left-handed writers (an underrepresented group).      
### 29.Minimum Noticeable Difference based Adversarial Privacy Preserving Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08638.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are found to be vulnerable to adversarial examples, as wrong predictions can be caused by small perturbation in input for deep learning models. Most of the existing works of adversarial image generation try to achieve attacks for most models, while few of them make efforts on guaranteeing the perceptual quality of the adversarial examples. High quality adversarial examples matter for many applications, especially for the privacy preserving. In this work, we develop a framework based on the Minimum Noticeable Difference (MND) concept to generate adversarial privacy preserving images that have minimum perceptual difference from the clean ones but are able to attack deep learning models. To achieve this, an adversarial loss is firstly proposed to make the deep learning models attacked by the adversarial images successfully. Then, a perceptual quality-preserving loss is developed by taking the magnitude of perturbation and perturbation-caused structural and gradient changes into account, which aims to preserve high perceptual quality for adversarial image generation. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work on exploring quality-preserving adversarial image generation based on the MND concept for privacy preserving. To evaluate its performance in terms of perceptual quality, the deep models on image classification and face recognition are tested with the proposed method and several anchor methods in this work. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed MND framework is capable of generating adversarial images with remarkably improved performance metrics (e.g., PSNR, SSIM, and MOS) than that generated with the anchor methods.      
### 30.Learning Using Privileged Information for Zero-Shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08632.pdf)
>  Zero-Shot Action Recognition (ZSAR) aims to recognize video actions that have never been seen during training. Most existing methods assume a shared semantic space between seen and unseen actions and intend to directly learn a mapping from a visual space to the semantic space. This approach has been challenged by the semantic gap between the visual space and semantic space. This paper presents a novel method that uses object semantics as privileged information to narrow the semantic gap and, hence, effectively, assist the learning. In particular, a simple hallucination network is proposed to implicitly extract object semantics during testing without explicitly extracting objects and a cross-attention module is developed to augment visual feature with the object semantics. Experiments on the Olympic Sports, HMDB51 and UCF101 datasets have shown that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 31.Understanding Aesthetics with Language: A Photo Critique Dataset for Aesthetic Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08614.pdf)
>  Computational inference of aesthetics is an ill-defined task due to its subjective nature. Many datasets have been proposed to tackle the problem by providing pairs of images and aesthetic scores based on human ratings. However, humans are better at expressing their opinion, taste, and emotions by means of language rather than summarizing them in a single number. In fact, photo critiques provide much richer information as they reveal how and why users rate the aesthetics of visual stimuli. In this regard, we propose the Reddit Photo Critique Dataset (RPCD), which contains tuples of image and photo critiques. RPCD consists of 74K images and 220K comments and is collected from a Reddit community used by hobbyists and professional photographers to improve their photography skills by leveraging constructive community feedback. The proposed dataset differs from previous aesthetics datasets mainly in three aspects, namely (i) the large scale of the dataset and the extension of the comments criticizing different aspects of the image, (ii) it contains mostly UltraHD images, and (iii) it can easily be extended to new data as it is collected through an automatic pipeline. To the best of our knowledge, in this work, we propose the first attempt to estimate the aesthetic quality of visual stimuli from the critiques. To this end, we exploit the polarity of the sentiment of criticism as an indicator of aesthetic judgment. We demonstrate how sentiment polarity correlates positively with the aesthetic judgment available for two aesthetic assessment benchmarks. Finally, we experiment with several models by using the sentiment scores as a target for ranking images. Dataset and baselines are available (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mediatechnologycenter/aestheval" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 32.Masked Autoencoders for Generic Event Boundary Detection CVPR'2022 Kinetics-GEBD Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08610.pdf)
>  Generic Event Boundary Detection (GEBD) tasks aim at detecting generic, taxonomy-free event boundaries that segment a whole video into chunks. In this paper, we apply Masked Autoencoders to improve algorithm performance on the GEBD tasks. Our approach mainly adopted the ensemble of Masked Autoencoders fine-tuned on the GEBD task as a self-supervised learner with other base models. Moreover, we also use a semi-supervised pseudo-label method to take full advantage of the abundant unlabeled Kinetics-400 data while training. In addition, we propose a soft-label method to partially balance the positive and negative samples and alleviate the problem of ambiguous labeling in this task. Lastly, a tricky segmentation alignment policy is implemented to refine boundaries predicted by our models to more accurate locations. With our approach, we achieved 85.94% on the F1-score on the Kinetics-GEBD test set, which improved the F1-score by 2.31% compared to the winner of the 2021 Kinetics-GEBD Challenge. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ContentAndMaterialPortrait/MAE-GEBD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.On Efficient Real-Time Semantic Segmentation: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08605.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is the problem of assigning a class label to every pixel in an image, and is an important component of an autonomous vehicle vision stack for facilitating scene understanding and object detection. However, many of the top performing semantic segmentation models are extremely complex and cumbersome, and as such are not suited to deployment onboard autonomous vehicle platforms where computational resources are limited and low-latency operation is a vital requirement. In this survey, we take a thorough look at the works that aim to address this misalignment with more compact and efficient models capable of deployment on low-memory embedded systems while meeting the constraint of real-time inference. We discuss several of the most prominent works in the field, placing them within a taxonomy based on their major contributions, and finally we evaluate the inference speed of the discussed models under consistent hardware and software setups that represent a typical research environment with high-end GPU and a realistic deployed scenario using low-memory embedded GPU hardware. Our experimental results demonstrate that many works are capable of real-time performance on resource-constrained hardware, while illustrating the consistent trade-off between latency and accuracy.      
### 34.HairFIT: Pose-Invariant Hairstyle Transfer via Flow-based Hair Alignment and Semantic-Region-Aware Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08585.pdf)
>  Hairstyle transfer is the task of modifying a source hairstyle to a target one. Although recent hairstyle transfer models can reflect the delicate features of hairstyles, they still have two major limitations. First, the existing methods fail to transfer hairstyles when a source and a target image have different poses (e.g., viewing direction or face size), which is prevalent in the real world. Also, the previous models generate unrealistic images when there is a non-trivial amount of regions in the source image occluded by its original hair. When modifying long hair to short hair, shoulders or backgrounds occluded by the long hair need to be inpainted. To address these issues, we propose a novel framework for pose-invariant hairstyle transfer, HairFIT. Our model consists of two stages: 1) flow-based hair alignment and 2) hair synthesis. In the hair alignment stage, we leverage a keypoint-based optical flow estimator to align a target hairstyle with a source pose. Then, we generate a final hairstyle-transferred image in the hair synthesis stage based on Semantic-region-aware Inpainting Mask (SIM) estimator. Our SIM estimator divides the occluded regions in the source image into different semantic regions to reflect their distinct features during the inpainting. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our model, we conduct quantitative and qualitative evaluations using multi-view datasets, K-hairstyle and VoxCeleb. The results indicate that HairFIT achieves a state-of-the-art performance by successfully transferring hairstyles between images of different poses, which has never been achieved before.      
### 35.Enhanced Bi-directional Motion Estimation for Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08572.pdf)
>  We present a novel simple yet effective algorithm for motion-based video frame interpolation. Existing motion-based interpolation methods typically rely on a pre-trained optical flow model or a U-Net based pyramid network for motion estimation, which either suffer from large model size or limited capacity in handling complex and large motion cases. In this work, by carefully integrating intermediateoriented forward-warping, lightweight feature encoder, and correlation volume into a pyramid recurrent framework, we derive a compact model to simultaneously estimate the bidirectional motion between input frames. It is 15 times smaller in size than PWC-Net, yet enables more reliable and flexible handling of challenging motion cases. Based on estimated bi-directional motion, we forward-warp input frames and their context features to intermediate frame, and employ a synthesis network to estimate the intermediate frame from warped representations. Our method achieves excellent performance on a broad range of video frame interpolation benchmarks. Code will be available soon.      
### 36.Multi-Contextual Predictions with Vision Transformer for Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08568.pdf)
>  Video Anomaly Detection(VAD) has been traditionally tackled in two main methodologies: the reconstruction-based approach and the prediction-based one. As the reconstruction-based methods learn to generalize the input image, the model merely learns an identity function and strongly causes the problem called generalizing issue. On the other hand, since the prediction-based ones learn to predict a future frame given several previous frames, they are less sensitive to the generalizing issue. However, it is still uncertain if the model can learn the spatio-temporal context of a video. Our intuition is that the understanding of the spatio-temporal context of a video plays a vital role in VAD as it provides precise information on how the appearance of an event in a video clip changes. Hence, to fully exploit the context information for anomaly detection in video circumstances, we designed the transformer model with three different contextual prediction streams: masked, whole and partial. By learning to predict the missing frames of consecutive normal frames, our model can effectively learn various normality patterns in the video, which leads to a high reconstruction error at the abnormal cases that are unsuitable to the learned context. To verify the effectiveness of our approach, we assess our model on the public benchmark datasets: USCD Pedestrian 2, CUHK Avenue and ShanghaiTech and evaluate the performance with the anomaly score metric of reconstruction error. The results demonstrate that our proposed approach achieves a competitive performance compared to the existing video anomaly detection methods.      
### 37.Rectify ViT Shortcut Learning by Visual Saliency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08567.pdf)
>  Shortcut learning is common but harmful to deep learning models, leading to degenerated feature representations and consequently jeopardizing the model's generalizability and interpretability. However, shortcut learning in the widely used Vision Transformer framework is largely unknown. Meanwhile, introducing domain-specific knowledge is a major approach to rectifying the shortcuts, which are predominated by background related factors. For example, in the medical imaging field, eye-gaze data from radiologists is an effective human visual prior knowledge that has the great potential to guide the deep learning models to focus on meaningful foreground regions of interest. However, obtaining eye-gaze data is time-consuming, labor-intensive and sometimes even not practical. In this work, we propose a novel and effective saliency-guided vision transformer (SGT) model to rectify shortcut learning in ViT with the absence of eye-gaze data. Specifically, a computational visual saliency model is adopted to predict saliency maps for input image samples. Then, the saliency maps are used to distil the most informative image patches. In the proposed SGT, the self-attention among image patches focus only on the distilled informative ones. Considering this distill operation may lead to global information lost, we further introduce, in the last encoder layer, a residual connection that captures the self-attention across all the image patches. The experiment results on four independent public datasets show that our SGT framework can effectively learn and leverage human prior knowledge without eye gaze data and achieves much better performance than baselines. Meanwhile, it successfully rectifies the harmful shortcut learning and significantly improves the interpretability of the ViT model, demonstrating the promise of transferring human prior knowledge derived visual saliency in rectifying shortcut learning      
### 38.Active Data Discovery: Mining Unknown Data using Submodular Information Measures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08566.pdf)
>  Active Learning is a very common yet powerful framework for iteratively and adaptively sampling subsets of the unlabeled sets with a human in the loop with the goal of achieving labeling efficiency. Most real world datasets have imbalance either in classes and slices, and correspondingly, parts of the dataset are rare. As a result, there has been a lot of work in designing active learning approaches for mining these rare data instances. Most approaches assume access to a seed set of instances which contain these rare data instances. However, in the event of more extreme rareness, it is reasonable to assume that these rare data instances (either classes or slices) may not even be present in the seed labeled set, and a critical need for the active learning paradigm is to efficiently discover these rare data instances. In this work, we provide an active data discovery framework which can mine unknown data slices and classes efficiently using the submodular conditional gain and submodular conditional mutual information functions. We provide a general algorithmic framework which works in a number of scenarios including image classification and object detection and works with both rare classes and rare slices present in the unlabeled set. We show significant accuracy and labeling efficiency gains with our approach compared to existing state-of-the-art active learning approaches for actively discovering these rare classes and slices.      
### 39.Rarity Score : A New Metric to Evaluate the Uncommonness of Synthesized Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08549.pdf)
>  Evaluation metrics in image synthesis play a key role to measure performances of generative models. However, most metrics mainly focus on image fidelity. Existing diversity metrics are derived by comparing distributions, and thus they cannot quantify the diversity or rarity degree of each generated image. In this work, we propose a new evaluation metric, called `rarity score', to measure the individual rarity of each image synthesized by generative models. We first show empirical observation that common samples are close to each other and rare samples are far from each other in nearest-neighbor distances of feature space. We then use our metric to demonstrate that the extent to which different generative models produce rare images can be effectively compared. We also propose a method to compare rarities between datasets that share the same concept such as CelebA-HQ and FFHQ. Finally, we analyze the use of metrics in different designs of feature spaces to better understand the relationship between feature spaces and resulting sparse images. Code will be publicly available online for the research community.      
### 40.Texture Generation Using Graph Generative Adversarial Network And Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08547.pdf)
>  Novel texture synthesis for existing 3D mesh models is an important step towards photo realistic asset generation for existing simulators. But existing methods inherently work in the 2D image space which is the projection of the 3D space from a given camera perspective. These methods take camera angle, 3D model information, lighting information and generate photorealistic 2D image. To generate a photorealistic image from another perspective or lighting, we need to make a computationally expensive forward pass each time we change the parameters. Also, it is hard to generate such images for a simulator that can satisfy the temporal constraints the sequences of images should be similar but only need to change the viewpoint of lighting as desired. The solution can not be directly integrated with existing tools like Blender and Unreal Engine. Manual solution is expensive and time consuming. We thus present a new system called a graph generative adversarial network (GGAN) that can generate textures which can be directly integrated into a given 3D mesh models with tools like Blender and Unreal Engine and can be simulated from any perspective and lighting condition easily.      
### 41.Large-Margin Representation Learning for Texture Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08537.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach combining convolutional layers (CLs) and large-margin metric learning for training supervised models on small datasets for texture classification. The core of such an approach is a loss function that computes the distances between instances of interest and support vectors. The objective is to update the weights of CLs iteratively to learn a representation with a large margin between classes. Each iteration results in a large-margin discriminant model represented by support vectors based on such a representation. The advantage of the proposed approach w.r.t. convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is two-fold. First, it allows representation learning with a small amount of data due to the reduced number of parameters compared to an equivalent CNN. Second, it has a low training cost since the backpropagation considers only support vectors. The experimental results on texture and histopathologic image datasets have shown that the proposed approach achieves competitive accuracy with lower computational cost and faster convergence when compared to equivalent CNNs.      
### 42.CDNet: Contrastive Disentangled Network for Fine-Grained Image Categorization of Ocular B-Scan Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08524.pdf)
>  Precise and rapid categorization of images in the B-scan ultrasound modality is vital for diagnosing ocular diseases. Nevertheless, distinguishing various diseases in ultrasound still challenges experienced ophthalmologists. Thus a novel contrastive disentangled network (CDNet) is developed in this work, aiming to tackle the fine-grained image categorization (FGIC) challenges of ocular abnormalities in ultrasound images, including intraocular tumor (IOT), retinal detachment (RD), posterior scleral staphyloma (PSS), and vitreous hemorrhage (VH). Three essential components of CDNet are the weakly-supervised lesion localization module (WSLL), contrastive multi-zoom (CMZ) strategy, and hyperspherical contrastive disentangled loss (HCD-Loss), respectively. These components facilitate feature disentanglement for fine-grained recognition in both the input and output aspects. The proposed CDNet is validated on our ZJU Ocular Ultrasound Dataset (ZJUOUSD), consisting of 5213 samples. Furthermore, the generalization ability of CDNet is validated on two public and widely-used chest X-ray FGIC benchmarks. Quantitative and qualitative results demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed CDNet, which achieves state-of-the-art performance in the FGIC task. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZeroOneGame/CDNet-for-OUS-FGIC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 43.Neural Architecture Adaptation for Object Detection by Searching Channel Dimensions and Mapping Pre-trained Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08509.pdf)
>  Most object detection frameworks use backbone architectures originally designed for image classification, conventionally with pre-trained parameters on ImageNet. However, image classification and object detection are essentially different tasks and there is no guarantee that the optimal backbone for classification is also optimal for object detection. Recent neural architecture search (NAS) research has demonstrated that automatically designing a backbone specifically for object detection helps improve the overall accuracy. In this paper, we introduce a neural architecture adaptation method that can optimize the given backbone for detection purposes, while still allowing the use of pre-trained parameters. We propose to adapt both the micro- and macro-architecture by searching for specific operations and the number of layers, in addition to the output channel dimensions of each block. It is important to find the optimal channel depth, as it greatly affects the feature representation capability and computation cost. We conduct experiments with our searched backbone for object detection and demonstrate that our backbone outperforms both manually designed and searched state-of-the-art backbones on the COCO dataset.      
### 44.What do navigation agents learn about their environment?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08500.pdf)
>  Today's state of the art visual navigation agents typically consist of large deep learning models trained end to end. Such models offer little to no interpretability about the learned skills or the actions of the agent taken in response to its environment. While past works have explored interpreting deep learning models, little attention has been devoted to interpreting embodied AI systems, which often involve reasoning about the structure of the environment, target characteristics and the outcome of one's actions. In this paper, we introduce the Interpretability System for Embodied agEnts (iSEE) for Point Goal and Object Goal navigation agents. We use iSEE to probe the dynamic representations produced by these agents for the presence of information about the agent as well as the environment. We demonstrate interesting insights about navigation agents using iSEE, including the ability to encode reachable locations (to avoid obstacles), visibility of the target, progress from the initial spawn location as well as the dramatic effect on the behaviors of agents when we mask out critical individual neurons. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/allenai/iSEE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 45.Controllable Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08488.pdf)
>  Editing flat-looking images into stunning photographs requires skill and time. Automated image enhancement algorithms have attracted increased interest by generating high-quality images without user interaction. However, the quality assessment of a photograph is subjective. Even in tone and color adjustments, a single photograph of auto-enhancement is challenging to fit user preferences which are subtle and even changeable. To address this problem, we present a semiautomatic image enhancement algorithm that can generate high-quality images with multiple styles by controlling a few parameters. We first disentangle photo retouching skills from high-quality images and build an efficient enhancement system for each skill. Specifically, an encoder-decoder framework encodes the retouching skills into latent codes and decodes them into the parameters of image signal processing (ISP) functions. The ISP functions are computationally efficient and consist of only 19 parameters. Despite our approach requiring multiple inferences to obtain the desired result, experimental results present that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances on the benchmark dataset for image quality and model efficiency.      
### 46.Backdoor Attacks on Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08477.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT) have recently demonstrated exemplary performance on a variety of vision tasks and are being used as an alternative to CNNs. Their design is based on a self-attention mechanism that processes images as a sequence of patches, which is quite different compared to CNNs. Hence it is interesting to study if ViTs are vulnerable to backdoor attacks. Backdoor attacks happen when an attacker poisons a small part of the training data for malicious purposes. The model performance is good on clean test images, but the attacker can manipulate the decision of the model by showing the trigger at test time. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to show that ViTs are vulnerable to backdoor attacks. We also find an intriguing difference between ViTs and CNNs - interpretation algorithms effectively highlight the trigger on test images for ViTs but not for CNNs. Based on this observation, we propose a test-time image blocking defense for ViTs which reduces the attack success rate by a large margin. Code is available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UCDvision/backdoor_transformer.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.Recursive Neural Programs: Variational Learning of Image Grammars and Part-Whole Hierarchies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08462.pdf)
>  Human vision involves parsing and representing objects and scenes using structured representations based on part-whole hierarchies. Computer vision and machine learning researchers have recently sought to emulate this capability using capsule networks, reference frames and active predictive coding, but a generative model formulation has been lacking. We introduce Recursive Neural Programs (RNPs), which, to our knowledge, is the first neural generative model to address the part-whole hierarchy learning problem. RNPs model images as hierarchical trees of probabilistic sensory-motor programs that recursively reuse learned sensory-motor primitives to model an image within different reference frames, forming recursive image grammars. We express RNPs as structured variational autoencoders (sVAEs) for inference and sampling, and demonstrate parts-based parsing, sampling and one-shot transfer learning for MNIST, Omniglot and Fashion-MNIST datasets, demonstrating the model's expressive power. Our results show that RNPs provide an intuitive and explainable way of composing objects and scenes, allowing rich compositionality and intuitive interpretations of objects in terms of part-whole hierarchies.      
### 48.TUSK: Task-Agnostic Unsupervised Keypoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08460.pdf)
>  Existing unsupervised methods for keypoint learning rely heavily on the assumption that a specific keypoint type (e.g. elbow, digit, abstract geometric shape) appears only once in an image. This greatly limits their applicability, as each instance must be isolated before applying the method-an issue that is never discussed or evaluated. We thus propose a novel method to learn Task-agnostic, UnSupervised Keypoints (TUSK) which can deal with multiple instances. To achieve this, instead of the commonly-used strategy of detecting multiple heatmaps, each dedicated to a specific keypoint type, we use a single heatmap for detection, and enable unsupervised learning of keypoint types through clustering. Specifically, we encode semantics into the keypoints by teaching them to reconstruct images from a sparse set of keypoints and their descriptors, where the descriptors are forced to form distinct clusters in feature space around learned prototypes. This makes our approach amenable to a wider range of tasks than any previous unsupervised keypoint method: we show experiments on multiple-instance detection and classification, object discovery, and landmark detection-all unsupervised-with performance on par with the state of the art, while also being able to deal with multiple instances.      
### 49.Scalable Temporal Localization of Sensitive Activities in Movies and TV Episodes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08429.pdf)
>  To help customers make better-informed viewing choices, video-streaming services try to moderate their content and provide more visibility into which portions of their movies and TV episodes contain age-appropriate material (e.g., nudity, sex, violence, or drug-use). Supervised models to localize these sensitive activities require large amounts of clip-level labeled data which is hard to obtain, while weakly-supervised models to this end usually do not offer competitive accuracy. To address this challenge, we propose a novel Coarse2Fine network designed to make use of readily obtainable video-level weak labels in conjunction with sparse clip-level labels of age-appropriate activities. Our model aggregates frame-level predictions to make video-level classifications and is therefore able to leverage sparse clip-level labels along with video-level labels. Furthermore, by performing frame-level predictions in a hierarchical manner, our approach is able to overcome the label-imbalance problem caused due to the rare-occurrence nature of age-appropriate content. We present comparative results of our approach using 41,234 movies and TV episodes (~3 years of video-content) from 521 sub-genres and 250 countries making it by far the largest-scale empirical analysis of age-appropriate activity localization in long-form videos ever published. Our approach offers 107.2% relative mAP improvement (from 5.5% to 11.4%) over existing state-of-the-art activity-localization approaches.      
### 50.EyeNeRF: A Hybrid Representation for Photorealistic Synthesis, Animation and Relighting of Human Eyes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08428.pdf)
>  A unique challenge in creating high-quality animatable and relightable 3D avatars of people is modeling human eyes. The challenge of synthesizing eyes is multifold as it requires 1) appropriate representations for the various components of the eye and the periocular region for coherent viewpoint synthesis, capable of representing diffuse, refractive and highly reflective surfaces, 2) disentangling skin and eye appearance from environmental illumination such that it may be rendered under novel lighting conditions, and 3) capturing eyeball motion and the deformation of the surrounding skin to enable re-gazing. These challenges have traditionally necessitated the use of expensive and cumbersome capture setups to obtain high-quality results, and even then, modeling of the eye region holistically has remained elusive. We present a novel geometry and appearance representation that enables high-fidelity capture and photorealistic animation, view synthesis and relighting of the eye region using only a sparse set of lights and cameras. Our hybrid representation combines an explicit parametric surface model for the eyeball with implicit deformable volumetric representations for the periocular region and the interior of the eye. This novel hybrid model has been designed to address the various parts of that challenging facial area - the explicit eyeball surface allows modeling refraction and high-frequency specular reflection at the cornea, whereas the implicit representation is well suited to model lower-frequency skin reflection via spherical harmonics and can represent non-surface structures such as hair or diffuse volumetric bodies, both of which are a challenge for explicit surface models. We show that for high-resolution close-ups of the eye, our model can synthesize high-fidelity animated gaze from novel views under unseen illumination conditions.      
### 51.SATBench: Benchmarking the speed-accuracy tradeoff in object recognition by humans and dynamic neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08427.pdf)
>  The core of everyday tasks like reading and driving is active object recognition. Attempts to model such tasks are currently stymied by the inability to incorporate time. People show a flexible tradeoff between speed and accuracy and this tradeoff is a crucial human skill. Deep neural networks have emerged as promising candidates for predicting peak human object recognition performance and neural activity. However, modeling the temporal dimension i.e., the speed-accuracy tradeoff (SAT), is essential for them to serve as useful computational models for how humans recognize objects. To this end, we here present the first large-scale (148 observers, 4 neural networks, 8 tasks) dataset of the speed-accuracy tradeoff (SAT) in recognizing ImageNet images. In each human trial, a beep, indicating the desired reaction time, sounds at a fixed delay after the image is presented, and observer's response counts only if it occurs near the time of the beep. In a series of blocks, we test many beep latencies, i.e., reaction times. We observe that human accuracy increases with reaction time and proceed to compare its characteristics with the behavior of several dynamic neural networks that are capable of inference-time adaptive computation. Using FLOPs as an analog for reaction time, we compare networks with humans on curve-fit error, category-wise correlation, and curve steepness, and conclude that cascaded dynamic neural networks are a promising model of human reaction time in object recognition tasks.      
### 52.IRISformer: Dense Vision Transformers for Single-Image Inverse Rendering in Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08423.pdf)
>  Indoor scenes exhibit significant appearance variations due to myriad interactions between arbitrarily diverse object shapes, spatially-changing materials, and complex lighting. Shadows, highlights, and inter-reflections caused by visible and invisible light sources require reasoning about long-range interactions for inverse rendering, which seeks to recover the components of image formation, namely, shape, material, and lighting. In this work, our intuition is that the long-range attention learned by transformer architectures is ideally suited to solve longstanding challenges in single-image inverse rendering. We demonstrate with a specific instantiation of a dense vision transformer, IRISformer, that excels at both single-task and multi-task reasoning required for inverse rendering. Specifically, we propose a transformer architecture to simultaneously estimate depths, normals, spatially-varying albedo, roughness and lighting from a single image of an indoor scene. Our extensive evaluations on benchmark datasets demonstrate state-of-the-art results on each of the above tasks, enabling applications like object insertion and material editing in a single unconstrained real image, with greater photorealism than prior works. Code and data are publicly released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ViLab-UCSD/IRISformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Going Deeper than Tracking: a Survey of Computer-Vision Based Recognition of Animal Pain and Affective States  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08405.pdf)
>  Advances in animal motion tracking and pose recognition have been a game changer in the study of animal behavior. Recently, an increasing number of works go 'deeper' than tracking, and address automated recognition of animals' internal states such as emotions and pain with the aim of improving animal welfare, making this a timely moment for a systematization of the field. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of computer vision-based research on recognition of affective states and pain in animals, addressing both facial and bodily behavior analysis. We summarize the efforts that have been presented so far within this topic -- classifying them across different dimensions, highlight challenges and research gaps, and provide best practice recommendations for advancing the field, and some future directions for research.      
### 54.Representational Multiplicity Should Be Exposed, Not Eliminated  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08890.pdf)
>  It is prevalent and well-observed, but poorly understood, that two machine learning models with similar performance during training can have very different real-world performance characteristics. This implies elusive differences in the internals of the models, manifesting as representational multiplicity (RM). We introduce a conceptual and experimental setup for analyzing RM and show that certain training methods systematically result in greater RM than others, measured by activation similarity via singular vector canonical correlation analysis (SVCCA). We further correlate it with predictive multiplicity measured by the variance in i.i.d. and out-of-distribution test set predictions, in four common image data sets. We call for systematic measurement and maximal exposure, not elimination, of RM in models. Qualitative tools such as our confabulator analysis can facilitate understanding and communication of RM effects to stakeholders.      
### 55.Incorporating intratumoral heterogeneity into weakly-supervised deep learning models via variance pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08885.pdf)
>  Supervised learning tasks such as cancer survival prediction from gigapixel whole slide images (WSIs) are a critical challenge in computational pathology that requires modeling complex features of the tumor microenvironment. These learning tasks are often solved with deep multi-instance learning (MIL) models that do not explicitly capture intratumoral heterogeneity. We develop a novel variance pooling architecture that enables a MIL model to incorporate intratumoral heterogeneity into its predictions. Two interpretability tools based on representative patches are illustrated to probe the biological signals captured by these models. An empirical study with 4,479 gigapixel WSIs from the Cancer Genome Atlas shows that adding variance pooling onto MIL frameworks improves survival prediction performance for five cancer types.      
### 56.Edge-Aided Sensor Data Sharing in Vehicular Communication Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08882.pdf)
>  Sensor data sharing in vehicular networks can significantly improve the range and accuracy of environmental perception for connected automated vehicles. Different concepts and schemes for dissemination and fusion of sensor data have been developed. It is common to these schemes that measurement errors of the sensors impair the perception quality and can result in road traffic accidents. Specifically, when the measurement error from the sensors (also referred as measurement noise) is unknown and time varying, the performance of the data fusion process is restricted, which represents a major challenge in the calibration of sensors. In this paper, we consider sensor data sharing and fusion in a vehicular network with both, vehicle-to-infrastructure and vehicle-to-vehicle communication. We propose a method, named Bidirectional Feedback Noise Estimation (BiFNoE), in which an edge server collects and caches sensor measurement data from vehicles. The edge estimates the noise and the targets alternately in double dynamic sliding time windows and enhances the distributed cooperative environment sensing at each vehicle with low communication costs. We evaluate the proposed algorithm and data dissemination strategy in an application scenario by simulation and show that the perception accuracy is on average improved by around 80 % with only 12 kbps uplink and 28 kbps downlink bandwidth.      
### 57.Fast Lossless Neural Compression with Integer-Only Discrete Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08869.pdf)
>  By applying entropy codecs with learned data distributions, neural compressors have significantly outperformed traditional codecs in terms of compression ratio. However, the high inference latency of neural networks hinders the deployment of neural compressors in practical applications. In this work, we propose Integer-only Discrete Flows (IODF), an efficient neural compressor with integer-only arithmetic. Our work is built upon integer discrete flows, which consists of invertible transformations between discrete random variables. We propose efficient invertible transformations with integer-only arithmetic based on 8-bit quantization. Our invertible transformation is equipped with learnable binary gates to remove redundant filters during inference. We deploy IODF with TensorRT on GPUs, achieving 10x inference speedup compared to the fastest existing neural compressors, while retaining the high compression rates on ImageNet32 and ImageNet64.      
### 58.MineDojo: Building Open-Ended Embodied Agents with Internet-Scale Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08853.pdf)
>  Autonomous agents have made great strides in specialist domains like Atari games and Go. However, they typically learn tabula rasa in isolated environments with limited and manually conceived objectives, thus failing to generalize across a wide spectrum of tasks and capabilities. Inspired by how humans continually learn and adapt in the open world, we advocate a trinity of ingredients for building generalist agents: 1) an environment that supports a multitude of tasks and goals, 2) a large-scale database of multimodal knowledge, and 3) a flexible and scalable agent architecture. We introduce MineDojo, a new framework built on the popular Minecraft game that features a simulation suite with thousands of diverse open-ended tasks and an internet-scale knowledge base with Minecraft videos, tutorials, wiki pages, and forum discussions. Using MineDojo's data, we propose a novel agent learning algorithm that leverages large pre-trained video-language models as a learned reward function. Our agent is able to solve a variety of open-ended tasks specified in free-form language without any manually designed dense shaping reward. We open-source the simulation suite and knowledge bases (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://minedojo.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) to promote research towards the goal of generally capable embodied agents.      
### 59.Entity-Graph Enhanced Cross-Modal Pretraining for Instance-level Product Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08842.pdf)
>  Our goal in this research is to study a more realistic environment in which we can conduct weakly-supervised multi-modal instance-level product retrieval for fine-grained product categories. We first contribute the Product1M datasets, and define two real practical instance-level retrieval tasks to enable the evaluations on the price comparison and personalized recommendations. For both instance-level tasks, how to accurately pinpoint the product target mentioned in the visual-linguistic data and effectively decrease the influence of irrelevant contents is quite challenging. To address this, we exploit to train a more effective cross-modal pertaining model which is adaptively capable of incorporating key concept information from the multi-modal data, by using an entity graph whose node and edge respectively denote the entity and the similarity relation between entities. Specifically, a novel Entity-Graph Enhanced Cross-Modal Pretraining (EGE-CMP) model is proposed for instance-level commodity retrieval, that explicitly injects entity knowledge in both node-based and subgraph-based ways into the multi-modal networks via a self-supervised hybrid-stream transformer, which could reduce the confusion between different object contents, thereby effectively guiding the network to focus on entities with real semantic. Experimental results well verify the efficacy and generalizability of our EGE-CMP, outperforming several SOTA cross-modal baselines like CLIP, UNITER and CAPTURE.      
### 60.Multimodal Attention-based Deep Learning for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08826.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is the most common neurodegenerative disorder with one of the most complex pathogeneses, making effective and clinically actionable decision support difficult. The objective of this study was to develop a novel multimodal deep learning framework to aid medical professionals in AD diagnosis. We present a Multimodal Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis framework (MADDi) to accurately detect the presence of AD and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) from imaging, genetic, and clinical data. MADDi is novel in that we use cross-modal attention, which captures interactions between modalities - a method not previously explored in this domain. We perform multi-class classification, a challenging task considering the strong similarities between MCI and AD. We compare with previous state-of-the-art models, evaluate the importance of attention, and examine the contribution of each modality to the model's performance. MADDi classifies MCI, AD, and controls with 96.88% accuracy on a held-out test set. When examining the contribution of different attention schemes, we found that the combination of cross-modal attention with self-attention performed the best, and no attention layers in the model performed the worst, with a 7.9% difference in F1-Scores. Our experiments underlined the importance of structured clinical data to help machine learning models contextualize and interpret the remaining modalities. Extensive ablation studies showed that any multimodal mixture of input features without access to structured clinical information suffered marked performance losses. This study demonstrates the merit of combining multiple input modalities via cross-modal attention to deliver highly accurate AD diagnostic decision support.      
### 61.Open-Sampling: Exploring Out-of-Distribution data for Re-balancing Long-tailed datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08802.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks usually perform poorly when the training dataset suffers from extreme class imbalance. Recent studies found that directly training with out-of-distribution data (i.e., open-set samples) in a semi-supervised manner would harm the generalization performance. In this work, we theoretically show that out-of-distribution data can still be leveraged to augment the minority classes from a Bayesian perspective. Based on this motivation, we propose a novel method called Open-sampling, which utilizes open-set noisy labels to re-balance the class priors of the training dataset. For each open-set instance, the label is sampled from our pre-defined distribution that is complementary to the distribution of original class priors. We empirically show that Open-sampling not only re-balances the class priors but also encourages the neural network to learn separable representations. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms existing data re-balancing methods and can boost the performance of existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 62.Leveraging Uncertainty in Deep Learning for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08787.pdf)
>  Pancreatic cancers have one of the worst prognoses compared to other cancers, as they are diagnosed when cancer has progressed towards its latter stages. The current manual histological grading for diagnosing pancreatic adenocarcinomas is time-consuming and often results in misdiagnosis. In digital pathology, AI-based cancer grading must be extremely accurate in prediction and uncertainty quantification to improve reliability and explainability and are essential for gaining clinicians trust in the technology. We present Bayesian Convolutional Neural Networks for automated pancreatic cancer grading from MGG and HE stained images to estimate uncertainty in model prediction. We show that the estimated uncertainty correlates with prediction error. Specifically, it is useful in setting the acceptance threshold using a metric that weighs classification accuracy-reject trade-off and misclassification cost controlled by hyperparameters and can be employed in clinical settings.      
### 63.Maximum Class Separation as Inductive Bias in One Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08704.pdf)
>  Maximizing the separation between classes constitutes a well-known inductive bias in machine learning and a pillar of many traditional algorithms. By default, deep networks are not equipped with this inductive bias and therefore many alternative solutions have been proposed through differential optimization. Current approaches tend to optimize classification and separation jointly: aligning inputs with class vectors and separating class vectors angularly. This paper proposes a simple alternative: encoding maximum separation as an inductive bias in the network by adding one fixed matrix multiplication before computing the softmax activations. The main observation behind our approach is that separation does not require optimization but can be solved in closed-form prior to training and plugged into a network. We outline a recursive approach to obtain the matrix consisting of maximally separable vectors for any number of classes, which can be added with negligible engineering effort and computational overhead. Despite its simple nature, this one matrix multiplication provides real impact. We show that our proposal directly boosts classification, long-tailed recognition, out-of-distribution detection, and open-set recognition, from CIFAR to ImageNet. We find empirically that maximum separation works best as a fixed bias; making the matrix learnable adds nothing to the performance. The closed-form implementation and code to reproduce the experiments are on github.      
### 64.Sparse Double Descent: Where Network Pruning Aggravates Overfitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08684.pdf)
>  People usually believe that network pruning not only reduces the computational cost of deep networks, but also prevents overfitting by decreasing model capacity. However, our work surprisingly discovers that network pruning sometimes even aggravates overfitting. We report an unexpected sparse double descent phenomenon that, as we increase model sparsity via network pruning, test performance first gets worse (due to overfitting), then gets better (due to relieved overfitting), and gets worse at last (due to forgetting useful information). While recent studies focused on the deep double descent with respect to model overparameterization, they failed to recognize that sparsity may also cause double descent. In this paper, we have three main contributions. First, we report the novel sparse double descent phenomenon through extensive experiments. Second, for this phenomenon, we propose a novel learning distance interpretation that the curve of $\ell_{2}$ learning distance of sparse models (from initialized parameters to final parameters) may correlate with the sparse double descent curve well and reflect generalization better than minima flatness. Third, in the context of sparse double descent, a winning ticket in the lottery ticket hypothesis surprisingly may not always win.      
### 65.FiT: Parameter Efficient Few-shot Transfer Learning for Personalized and Federated Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08671.pdf)
>  Modern deep learning systems are increasingly deployed in situations such as personalization and federated learning where it is necessary to support i) learning on small amounts of data, and ii) communication efficient distributed training protocols. In this work we develop FiLM Transfer (FiT) which fulfills these requirements in the image classification setting. FiT uses an automatically configured Naive Bayes classifier on top of a fixed backbone that has been pretrained on large image datasets. Parameter efficient FiLM layers are used to modulate the backbone, shaping the representation for the downstream task. The network is trained via an episodic fine-tuning protocol. The approach is parameter efficient which is key for enabling few-shot learning, inexpensive model updates for personalization, and communication efficient federated learning. We experiment with FiT on a wide range of downstream datasets and show that it achieves better classification accuracy than the state-of-the-art Big Transfer (BiT) algorithm at low-shot and on the challenging VTAB-1k benchmark, with fewer than 1% of the updateable parameters. Finally, we demonstrate the parameter efficiency of FiT in distributed low-shot applications including model personalization and federated learning where model update size is an important performance metric.      
### 66.All Mistakes Are Not Equal: Comprehensive Hierarchy Aware Multi-label Predictions (CHAMP)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08653.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of Hierarchical Multi-Label Classification (HMC), where (i) several labels can be present for each example, and (ii) labels are related via a domain-specific hierarchy tree. Guided by the intuition that all mistakes are not equal, we present Comprehensive Hierarchy Aware Multi-label Predictions (CHAMP), a framework that penalizes a misprediction depending on its severity as per the hierarchy tree. While there have been works that apply such an idea to single-label classification, to the best of our knowledge, there are limited such works for multilabel classification focusing on the severity of mistakes. The key reason is that there is no clear way of quantifying the severity of a misprediction a priori in the multilabel setting. In this work, we propose a simple but effective metric to quantify the severity of a mistake in HMC, naturally leading to CHAMP. Extensive experiments on six public HMC datasets across modalities (image, audio, and text) demonstrate that incorporating hierarchical information leads to substantial gains as CHAMP improves both AUPRC (2.6% median percentage improvement) and hierarchical metrics (2.85% median percentage improvement), over stand-alone hierarchical or multilabel classification methods. Compared to standard multilabel baselines, CHAMP provides improved AUPRC in both robustness (8.87% mean percentage improvement ) and less data regimes. Further, our method provides a framework to enhance existing multilabel classification algorithms with better mistakes (18.1% mean percentage increment).      
### 67.OADAT: Experimental and Synthetic Clinical Optoacoustic Data for Standardized Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08612.pdf)
>  Optoacoustic (OA) imaging is based on excitation of biological tissues with nanosecond-duration laser pulses followed by subsequent detection of ultrasound waves generated via light-absorption-mediated thermoelastic expansion. OA imaging features a powerful combination between rich optical contrast and high resolution in deep tissues. This enabled the exploration of a number of attractive new applications both in clinical and laboratory settings. However, no standardized datasets generated with different types of experimental set-up and associated processing methods are available to facilitate advances in broader applications of OA in clinical settings. This complicates an objective comparison between new and established data processing methods, often leading to qualitative results and arbitrary interpretations of the data. In this paper, we provide both experimental and synthetic OA raw signals and reconstructed image domain datasets rendered with different experimental parameters and tomographic acquisition geometries. We further provide trained neural networks to tackle three important challenges related to OA image processing, namely accurate reconstruction under limited view tomographic conditions, removal of spatial undersampling artifacts and anatomical segmentation for improved image reconstruction. Specifically, we define 18 experiments corresponding to the aforementioned challenges as benchmarks to be used as a reference for the development of more advanced processing methods.      
### 68.COVID-19 Detection using Transfer Learning with Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08557.pdf)
>  The Novel Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a fatal infectious disease, first recognized in December 2019 in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and has gone on an epidemic situation. Under these circumstances, it became more important to detect COVID-19 in infected people. Nowadays, the testing kits are gradually lessening in number compared to the number of infected population. Under recent prevailing conditions, the diagnosis of lung disease by analyzing chest CT (Computed Tomography) images has become an important tool for both diagnosis and prophecy of COVID-19 patients. In this study, a Transfer learning strategy (CNN) for detecting COVID-19 infection from CT images has been proposed. In the proposed model, a multilayer Convolutional neural network (CNN) with Transfer learning model Inception V3 has been designed. Similar to CNN, it uses convolution and pooling to extract features, but this transfer learning model contains weights of dataset Imagenet. Thus it can detect features very effectively which gives it an upper hand for achieving better accuracy.      
### 69.Multi-Classification of Brain Tumor Images Using Transfer Learning Based Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08543.pdf)
>  In recent advancement towards computer based diagnostics system, the classification of brain tumor images is a challenging task. This paper mainly focuses on elevating the classification accuracy of brain tumor images with transfer learning based deep neural network. The classification approach is started with the image augmentation operation including rotation, zoom, hori-zontal flip, width shift, height shift, and shear to increase the diversity in image datasets. Then the general features of the input brain tumor images are extracted based on a pre-trained transfer learning method comprised of Inception-v3. Fi-nally, the deep neural network with 4 customized layers is employed for classi-fying the brain tumors in most frequent brain tumor types as meningioma, glioma, and pituitary. The proposed model acquires an effective performance with an overall accuracy of 96.25% which is much improved than some existing multi-classification methods. Whereas, the fine-tuning of hyper-parameters and inclusion of customized DNN with the Inception-v3 model results in an im-provement of the classification accuracy.      
### 70.VLMbench: A Compositional Benchmark for Vision-and-Language Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08522.pdf)
>  Benefiting from language flexibility and compositionality, humans naturally intend to use language to command an embodied agent for complex tasks such as navigation and object manipulation. In this work, we aim to fill the blank of the last mile of embodied agents -- object manipulation by following human guidance, e.g., "move the red mug next to the box while keeping it upright." To this end, we introduce an Automatic Manipulation Solver (AMSolver) simulator and build a Vision-and-Language Manipulation benchmark (VLMbench) based on it, containing various language instructions on categorized robotic manipulation tasks. Specifically, modular rule-based task templates are created to automatically generate robot demonstrations with language instructions, consisting of diverse object shapes and appearances, action types, and motion constraints. We also develop a keypoint-based model 6D-CLIPort to deal with multi-view observations and language input and output a sequence of 6 degrees of freedom (DoF) actions. We hope the new simulator and benchmark will facilitate future research on language-guided robotic manipulation.      
### 71.Effective Solid State LiDAR Odometry Using Continuous-time Filter Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08517.pdf)
>  Solid-state LiDARs are more compact and cheaper than the conventional mechanical multi-line spinning LiDARs, which have become increasingly popular in autonomous driving recently. However, there are several challenges for these new LiDAR sensors, including severe motion distortions, small field of view and sparse point cloud, which hinder them from being widely used in LiDAR odometry. To tackle these problems, we present an effective continuous-time LiDAR odometry (ECTLO) method for the Risley prism-based LiDARs with non-repetitive scanning patterns. To account for the noisy data, a filter-based point-to-plane Gaussian Mixture Model is used for robust registration. Moreover, a LiDAR-only continuous-time motion model is employed to relieve the inevitable distortions. To facilitate the implicit data association in parallel, we maintain all map points within a single range image. Extensive experiments have been conducted on various testbeds using the solid-state LiDARs with different scanning patterns, whose promising results demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach.      
### 72.Unsupervised Kinematic Motion Detection for Part-segmented 3D Shape Collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08497.pdf)
>  3D models of manufactured objects are important for populating virtual worlds and for synthetic data generation for vision and robotics. To be most useful, such objects should be articulated: their parts should move when interacted with. While articulated object datasets exist, creating them is labor-intensive. Learning-based prediction of part motions can help, but all existing methods require annotated training data. In this paper, we present an unsupervised approach for discovering articulated motions in a part-segmented 3D shape collection. Our approach is based on a concept we call category closure: any valid articulation of an object's parts should keep the object in the same semantic category (e.g. a chair stays a chair). We operationalize this concept with an algorithm that optimizes a shape's part motion parameters such that it can transform into other shapes in the collection. We evaluate our approach by using it to re-discover part motions from the PartNet-Mobility dataset. For almost all shape categories, our method's predicted motion parameters have low error with respect to ground truth annotations, outperforming two supervised motion prediction methods.      
### 73.Orientation-guided Graph Convolutional Network for Bone Surface Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08481.pdf)
>  Due to imaging artifacts and low signal-to-noise ratio in ultrasound images, automatic bone surface segmentation networks often produce fragmented predictions that can hinder the success of ultrasound-guided computer-assisted surgical procedures. Existing pixel-wise predictions often fail to capture the accurate topology of bone tissues due to a lack of supervision to enforce connectivity. In this work, we propose an orientation-guided graph convolutional network to improve connectivity while segmenting the bone surface. We also propose an additional supervision on the orientation of the bone surface to further impose connectivity. We validated our approach on 1042 vivo US scans of femur, knee, spine, and distal radius. Our approach improves over the state-of-the-art methods by 5.01% in connectivity metric.      
### 74.Zero-Shot AutoML with Pretrained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08476.pdf)
>  Given a new dataset D and a low compute budget, how should we choose a pre-trained model to fine-tune to D, and set the fine-tuning hyperparameters without risking overfitting, particularly if D is small? Here, we extend automated machine learning (AutoML) to best make these choices. Our domain-independent meta-learning approach learns a zero-shot surrogate model which, at test time, allows to select the right deep learning (DL) pipeline (including the pre-trained model and fine-tuning hyperparameters) for a new dataset D given only trivial meta-features describing D such as image resolution or the number of classes. To train this zero-shot model, we collect performance data for many DL pipelines on a large collection of datasets and meta-train on this data to minimize a pairwise ranking objective. We evaluate our approach under the strict time limit of the vision track of the ChaLearn AutoDL challenge benchmark, clearly outperforming all challenge contenders.      
### 75.OpenSRH: optimizing brain tumor surgery using intraoperative stimulated Raman histology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08439.pdf)
>  Accurate intraoperative diagnosis is essential for providing safe and effective care during brain tumor surgery. Our standard-of-care diagnostic methods are time, resource, and labor intensive, which restricts access to optimal surgical treatments. To address these limitations, we propose an alternative workflow that combines stimulated Raman histology (SRH), a rapid optical imaging method, with deep learning-based automated interpretation of SRH images for intraoperative brain tumor diagnosis and real-time surgical decision support. Here, we present OpenSRH, the first public dataset of clinical SRH images from 300+ brain tumors patients and 1300+ unique whole slide optical images. OpenSRH contains data from the most common brain tumors diagnoses, full pathologic annotations, whole slide tumor segmentations, raw and processed optical imaging data for end-to-end model development and validation. We provide a framework for patch-based whole slide SRH classification and inference using weak (i.e. patient-level) diagnostic labels. Finally, we benchmark two computer vision tasks: multiclass histologic brain tumor classification and patch-based contrastive representation learning. We hope OpenSRH will facilitate the clinical translation of rapid optical imaging and real-time ML-based surgical decision support in order to improve the access, safety, and efficacy of cancer surgery in the era of precision medicine. Dataset access, code, and benchmarks are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://opensrh.mlins.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 76.Real-time motion amplification on mobile devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08422.pdf)
>  A simple motion amplification algorithm suitable for real-time applications on mobile devices is presented. It is based on motion enhancement by moving average differencing (MEMAD), a temporal high-pass filter for video streams. MEMAD can amplify small moving objects or subtle motion in larger objects. It is computationally sufficiently simple to be implemented in real time on smartphones. In the specific implementation as an Android phone app, MEMAD is demonstrated on examples chosen such as to motivate applications in the engineering, biological, and medical sciences.      
### 77.Learning Generic Lung Ultrasound Biomarkers for Decoupling Feature Extraction from Downstream Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08398.pdf)
>  Contemporary artificial neural networks (ANN) are trained end-to-end, jointly learning both features and classifiers for the task of interest. Though enormously effective, this paradigm imposes significant costs in assembling annotated task-specific datasets and training large-scale networks. We propose to decouple feature learning from downstream lung ultrasound tasks by introducing an auxiliary pre-task of visual biomarker classification. We demonstrate that one can learn an informative, concise, and interpretable feature space from ultrasound videos by training models for predicting biomarker labels. Notably, biomarker feature extractors can be trained from data annotated with weak video-scale supervision. These features can be used by a variety of downstream Expert models targeted for diverse clinical tasks (Diagnosis, lung severity, S/F ratio). Crucially, task-specific expert models are comparable in accuracy to end-to-end models directly trained for such target tasks, while being significantly lower cost to train.      
