# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 9 Jun 2022
### 1.Sparse Fusion Mixture-of-Experts are Domain Generalizable Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04046.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) aims at learning generalizable models under distribution shifts to avoid redundantly overfitting massive training data. Previous works with complex loss design and gradient constraint have not yet led to empirical success on large-scale benchmarks. In this work, we reveal the mixture-of-experts (MoE) model's generalizability on DG by leveraging to distributively handle multiple aspects of the predictive features across domains. To this end, we propose Sparse Fusion Mixture-of-Experts (SF-MoE), which incorporates sparsity and fusion mechanisms into the MoE framework to keep the model both sparse and predictive. SF-MoE has two dedicated modules: 1) sparse block and 2) fusion block, which disentangle and aggregate the diverse learned signals of an object, respectively. Extensive experiments demonstrate that SF-MoE is a domain-generalizable learner on large-scale benchmarks. It outperforms state-of-the-art counterparts by more than 2% across 5 large-scale DG datasets (e.g., DomainNet), with the same or even lower computational costs. We further reveal the internal mechanism of SF-MoE from distributed representation perspective (e.g., visual attributes). We hope this framework could facilitate future research to push generalizable object recognition to the real world. Code and models are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Luodian/SF-MoE-DG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Learning Ego 3D Representation as Ray Tracing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04042.pdf)
>  A self-driving perception model aims to extract 3D semantic representations from multiple cameras collectively into the bird's-eye-view (BEV) coordinate frame of the ego car in order to ground downstream planner. Existing perception methods often rely on error-prone depth estimation of the whole scene or learning sparse virtual 3D representations without the target geometry structure, both of which remain limited in performance and/or capability. In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end architecture for ego 3D representation learning from an arbitrary number of unconstrained camera views. Inspired by the ray tracing principle, we design a polarized grid of "imaginary eyes" as the learnable ego 3D representation and formulate the learning process with the adaptive attention mechanism in conjunction with the 3D-to-2D projection. Critically, this formulation allows extracting rich 3D representation from 2D images without any depth supervision, and with the built-in geometry structure consistent w.r.t. BEV. Despite its simplicity and versatility, extensive experiments on standard BEV visual tasks (e.g., camera-based 3D object detection and BEV segmentation) show that our model outperforms all state-of-the-art alternatives significantly, with an extra advantage in computational efficiency from multi-task learning.      
### 3.An Improved One millisecond Mobile Backbone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04040.pdf)
>  Efficient neural network backbones for mobile devices are often optimized for metrics such as FLOPs or parameter count. However, these metrics may not correlate well with latency of the network when deployed on a mobile device. Therefore, we perform extensive analysis of different metrics by deploying several mobile-friendly networks on a mobile device. We identify and analyze architectural and optimization bottlenecks in recent efficient neural networks and provide ways to mitigate these bottlenecks. To this end, we design an efficient backbone MobileOne, with variants achieving an inference time under 1 ms on an iPhone12 with 75.9% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. We show that MobileOne achieves state-of-the-art performance within the efficient architectures while being many times faster on mobile. Our best model obtains similar performance on ImageNet as MobileFormer while being 38x faster. Our model obtains 2.3% better top-1 accuracy on ImageNet than EfficientNet at similar latency. Furthermore, we show that our model generalizes to multiple tasks - image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation with significant improvements in latency and accuracy as compared to existing efficient architectures when deployed on a mobile device.      
### 4.Accelerating Score-based Generative Models for High-Resolution Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04029.pdf)
>  Score-based generative models (SGMs) have recently emerged as a promising class of generative models. The key idea is to produce high-quality images by recurrently adding Gaussian noises and gradients to a Gaussian sample until converging to the target distribution, a.k.a. the diffusion sampling. To ensure stability of convergence in sampling and generation quality, however, this sequential sampling process has to take a small step size and many sampling iterations (e.g., 2000). Several acceleration methods have been proposed with focus on low-resolution generation. In this work, we consider the acceleration of high-resolution generation with SGMs, a more challenging yet more important problem. We prove theoretically that this slow convergence drawback is primarily due to the ignorance of the target distribution. Further, we introduce a novel Target Distribution Aware Sampling (TDAS) method by leveraging the structural priors in space and frequency domains. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10, CelebA, LSUN, and FFHQ datasets validate that TDAS can consistently accelerate state-of-the-art SGMs, particularly on more challenging high resolution (1024x1024) image generation tasks by up to 18.4x, whilst largely maintaining the synthesis quality. With fewer sampling iterations, TDAS can still generate good quality images. In contrast, the existing methods degrade drastically or even fails completely      
### 5.CO^3: Cooperative Unsupervised 3D Representation Learning for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04028.pdf)
>  Unsupervised contrastive learning for indoor-scene point clouds has achieved great successes. However, unsupervised learning point clouds in outdoor scenes remains challenging because previous methods need to reconstruct the whole scene and capture partial views for the contrastive objective. This is infeasible in outdoor scenes with moving objects, obstacles, and sensors. In this paper, we propose CO^3, namely Cooperative Contrastive Learning and Contextual Shape Prediction, to learn 3D representation for outdoor-scene point clouds in an unsupervised manner. CO^3 has several merits compared to existing methods. (1) It utilizes LiDAR point clouds from vehicle-side and infrastructure-side to build views that differ enough but meanwhile maintain common semantic information for contrastive learning, which are more appropriate than views built by previous methods. (2) Alongside the contrastive objective, shape context prediction is proposed as pre-training goal and brings more task-relevant information for unsupervised 3D point cloud representation learning, which are beneficial when transferring the learned representation to downstream detection tasks. (3) As compared to previous methods, representation learned by CO^3 is able to be transferred to different outdoor scene dataset collected by different type of LiDAR sensors. (4) CO^3 improves current state-of-the-art methods on both Once and KITTI datasets by up to 2.58 mAP. Codes and models will be released. We believe CO^3 will facilitate understanding LiDAR point clouds in outdoor scene.      
### 6.Patch-based Object-centric Transformers for Efficient Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04003.pdf)
>  In this work, we present Patch-based Object-centric Video Transformer (POVT), a novel region-based video generation architecture that leverages object-centric information to efficiently model temporal dynamics in videos. We build upon prior work in video prediction via an autoregressive transformer over the discrete latent space of compressed videos, with an added modification to model object-centric information via bounding boxes. Due to better compressibility of object-centric representations, we can improve training efficiency by allowing the model to only access object information for longer horizon temporal information. When evaluated on various difficult object-centric datasets, our method achieves better or equal performance to other video generation models, while remaining computationally more efficient and scalable. In addition, we show that our method is able to perform object-centric controllability through bounding box manipulation, which may aid downstream tasks such as video editing, or visual planning. Samples are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/povt-public" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/povt-public" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Narrowing the Coordinate-frame Gap in Behavior Prediction Models: Distillation for Efficient and Accurate Scene-centric Motion Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03970.pdf)
>  Behavior prediction models have proliferated in recent years, especially in the popular real-world robotics application of autonomous driving, where representing the distribution over possible futures of moving agents is essential for safe and comfortable motion planning. In these models, the choice of coordinate frames to represent inputs and outputs has crucial trade offs which broadly fall into one of two categories. Agent-centric models transform inputs and perform inference in agent-centric coordinates. These models are intrinsically invariant to translation and rotation between scene elements, are best-performing on public leaderboards, but scale quadratically with the number of agents and scene elements. Scene-centric models use a fixed coordinate system to process all agents. This gives them the advantage of sharing representations among all agents, offering efficient amortized inference computation which scales linearly with the number of agents. However, these models have to learn invariance to translation and rotation between scene elements, and typically underperform agent-centric models. In this work, we develop knowledge distillation techniques between probabilistic motion forecasting models, and apply these techniques to close the gap in performance between agent-centric and scene-centric models. This improves scene-centric model performance by 13.2% on the public Argoverse benchmark, 7.8% on Waymo Open Dataset and up to 9.4% on a large In-House dataset. These improved scene-centric models rank highly in public leaderboards and are up to 15 times more efficient than their agent-centric teacher counterparts in busy scenes.      
### 8.Robust Environment Perception for Automated Driving: A Unified Learning Pipeline for Visual-Infrared Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03943.pdf)
>  The RGB complementary metal-oxidesemiconductor (CMOS) sensor works within the visible light spectrum. Therefore it is very sensitive to environmental light conditions. On the contrary, a long-wave infrared (LWIR) sensor operating in 8-14 micro meter spectral band, functions independent of visible light. <br>In this paper, we exploit both visual and thermal perception units for robust object detection purposes. After delicate synchronization and (cross-) labeling of the FLIR [1] dataset, this multi-modal perception data passes through a convolutional neural network (CNN) to detect three critical objects on the road, namely pedestrians, bicycles, and cars. After evaluation of RGB and infrared (thermal and infrared are often used interchangeably) sensors separately, various network structures are compared to fuse the data at the feature level effectively. Our RGB-thermal (RGBT) fusion network, which takes advantage of a novel entropy-block attention module (EBAM), outperforms the state-of-the-art network [2] by 10% with 82.9% mAP.      
### 9.Depth-Adapted CNNs for RGB-D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03939.pdf)
>  Recent RGB-D semantic segmentation has motivated research interest thanks to the accessibility of complementary modalities from the input side. Existing works often adopt a two-stream architecture that processes photometric and geometric information in parallel, with few methods explicitly leveraging the contribution of depth cues to adjust the sampling position on RGB images. In this paper, we propose a novel framework to incorporate the depth information in the RGB convolutional neural network (CNN), termed Z-ACN (Depth-Adapted CNN). Specifically, our Z-ACN generates a 2D depth-adapted offset which is fully constrained by low-level features to guide the feature extraction on RGB images. With the generated offset, we introduce two intuitive and effective operations to replace basic CNN operators: depth-adapted convolution and depth-adapted average pooling. Extensive experiments on both indoor and outdoor semantic segmentation tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 10.Direct Triangulation with Spherical Projection for Omnidirectional Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03928.pdf)
>  In this paper, it is proposed to solve the problem of triangulation for calibrated omnidirectional cameras through the optimisation of ray-pairs on the projective sphere. The proposed solution boils down to finding the roots of a quadratic function, and as such is closed form, completely non-iterative and computationally inexpensive when compared to previous methods. In addition, even thought the motivation is clearly to solve the triangulation problem for omnidirectional cameras, it is demonstrated that the proposed methods can be applied to non-omnidirectional, narrow field-of-view cameras.      
### 11.PrivHAR: Recognizing Human Actions From Privacy-preserving Lens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03891.pdf)
>  The accelerated use of digital cameras prompts an increasing concern about privacy and security, particularly in applications such as action recognition. In this paper, we propose an optimizing framework to provide robust visual privacy protection along the human action recognition pipeline. Our framework parameterizes the camera lens to successfully degrade the quality of the videos to inhibit privacy attributes and protect against adversarial attacks while maintaining relevant features for activity recognition. We validate our approach with extensive simulations and hardware experiments.      
### 12.ConFUDA: Contrastive Fewshot Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03888.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer knowledge learned from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Contrastive learning (CL) in the context of UDA can help to better separate classes in feature space. However, in image segmentation, the large memory footprint due to the computation of the pixel-wise contrastive loss makes it prohibitive to use. Furthermore, labeled target data is not easily available in medical imaging, and obtaining new samples is not economical. As a result, in this work, we tackle a more challenging UDA task when there are only a few (fewshot) or a single (oneshot) image available from the target domain. We apply a style transfer module to mitigate the scarcity of target samples. Then, to align the source and target features and tackle the memory issue of the traditional contrastive loss, we propose the centroid-based contrastive learning (CCL) and a centroid norm regularizer (CNR) to optimize the contrastive pairs in both direction and magnitude. In addition, we propose multi-partition centroid contrastive learning (MPCCL) to further reduce the variance in the target features. Fewshot evaluation on MS-CMRSeg dataset demonstrates that ConFUDA improves the segmentation performance by 0.34 of the Dice score on the target domain compared with the baseline, and 0.31 Dice score improvement in a more rigorous oneshot setting.      
### 13.Progressive GANomaly: Anomaly detection with progressively growing GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03876.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, obtaining large amounts of labeled data is often a hurdle, because annotations and pathologies are scarce. Anomaly detection is a method that is capable of detecting unseen abnormal data while only being trained on normal (unannotated) data. Several algorithms based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) exist to perform this task, yet certain limitations are in place because of the instability of GANs. This paper proposes a new method by combining an existing method, GANomaly, with progressively growing GANs. The latter is known to be more stable, considering its ability to generate high-resolution images. The method is tested using Fashion MNIST, Medical Out-of-Distribution Analysis Challenge (MOOD), and in-house brain MRI; using patches of sizes 16x16 and 32x32. Progressive GANomaly outperforms a one-class SVM or regular GANomaly on Fashion MNIST. Artificial anomalies are created in MOOD images with varying intensities and diameters. Progressive GANomaly detected the most anomalies with varying intensity and size. Additionally, the intermittent reconstructions are proven to be better from progressive GANomaly. On the in-house brain MRI dataset, regular GANomaly outperformed the other methods.      
### 14.Perceptual Quality Assessment for Fine-Grained Compressed Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03862.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the rapid development of image storage and transmission systems, in which image compression plays an important role. Generally speaking, image compression algorithms are developed to ensure good visual quality at limited bit rates. However, due to the different compression optimization methods, the compressed images may have different levels of quality, which needs to be evaluated quantificationally. Nowadays, the mainstream full-reference (FR) metrics are effective to predict the quality of compressed images at coarse-grained levels (the bit rates differences of compressed images are obvious), however, they may perform poorly for fine-grained compressed images whose bit rates differences are quite subtle. Therefore, to better improve the Quality of Experience (QoE) and provide useful guidance for compression algorithms, we propose a full-reference image quality assessment (FR-IQA) method for compressed images of fine-grained levels. Specifically, the reference images and compressed images are first converted to $YCbCr$ color space. The gradient features are extracted from regions that are sensitive to compression artifacts. Then we employ the Log-Gabor transformation to further analyze the texture difference. Finally, the obtained features are fused into a quality score. The proposed method is validated on the fine-grained compression image quality assessment (FGIQA) database, which is especially constructed for assessing the quality of compressed images with close bit rates. The experimental results show that our metric outperforms mainstream FR-IQA metrics on the FGIQA database. We also test our method on other commonly used compression IQA databases and the results show that our method obtains competitive performance on the coarse-grained compression IQA databases as well.      
### 15.Orthonormal Convolutions for the Rotation Based Iterative Gaussianization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03860.pdf)
>  In this paper we elaborate an extension of rotation-based iterative Gaussianization, RBIG, which makes image Gaussianization possible. Although RBIG has been successfully applied to many tasks, it is limited to medium dimensionality data (on the order of a thousand dimensions). In images its application has been restricted to small image patches or isolated pixels, because rotation in RBIG is based on principal or independent component analysis and these transformations are difficult to learn and scale. Here we present the \emph{Convolutional RBIG}: an extension that alleviates this issue by imposing that the rotation in RBIG is a convolution. We propose to learn convolutional rotations (i.e. orthonormal convolutions) by optimising for the reconstruction loss between the input and an approximate inverse of the transformation using the transposed convolution operation. Additionally, we suggest different regularizers in learning these orthonormal convolutions. For example, imposing sparsity in the activations leads to a transformation that extends convolutional independent component analysis to multilayer architectures. We also highlight how statistical properties of the data, such as multivariate mutual information, can be obtained from \emph{Convolutional RBIG}. We illustrate the behavior of the transform with a simple example of texture synthesis, and analyze its properties by visualizing the stimuli that maximize the response in certain feature and layer.      
### 16.Rotation-Equivariant Conditional Spherical Neural Fields for Learning a Natural Illumination Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03858.pdf)
>  Inverse rendering is an ill-posed problem. Previous work has sought to resolve this by focussing on priors for object or scene shape or appearance. In this work, we instead focus on a prior for natural illuminations. Current methods rely on spherical harmonic lighting or other generic representations and, at best, a simplistic prior on the parameters. We propose a conditional neural field representation based on a variational auto-decoder with a SIREN network and, extending Vector Neurons, build equivariance directly into the network. Using this we develop a rotation-equivariant, high dynamic range (HDR) neural illumination model that is compact and able to express complex, high-frequency features of natural environment maps. Training our model on a curated dataset of 1.6K HDR environment maps of natural scenes, we compare it against traditional representations, demonstrate its applicability for an inverse rendering task and show environment map completion from partial observations. A PyTorch implementation, our dataset and trained models can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://jadgardner.github.io/RENI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 17.SUPER-IVIM-DC: Intra-voxel incoherent motion based Fetal lung maturity assessment from limited DWI data using supervised learning coupled with data-consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03820.pdf)
>  Intra-voxel incoherent motion (IVIM) analysis of fetal lungs Diffusion-Weighted MRI (DWI) data shows potential in providing quantitative imaging bio-markers that reflect, indirectly, diffusion and pseudo-diffusion for non-invasive fetal lung maturation assessment. However, long acquisition times, due to the large number of different "b-value" images required for IVIM analysis, precluded clinical feasibility. We introduce SUPER-IVIM-DC a deep-neural-networks (DNN) approach which couples supervised loss with a data-consistency term to enable IVIM analysis of DWI data acquired with a limited number of b-values. We demonstrated the added-value of SUPER-IVIM-DC over both classical and recent DNN approaches for IVIM analysis through numerical simulations, healthy volunteer study, and IVIM analysis of fetal lung maturation from fetal DWI data. % add results Our numerical simulations and healthy volunteer study show that SUPER-IVIM-DC estimates of the IVIM model parameters from limited DWI data had lower normalized root mean-squared error compared to previous DNN-based approaches. Further, SUPER-IVIM-DC estimates of the pseudo-diffusion fraction parameter from limited DWI data of fetal lungs correlate better with gestational age compared to both to classical and DNN-based approaches (0.242 vs. -0.079 and 0.239). SUPER-IVIM-DC has the potential to reduce the long acquisition times associated with IVIM analysis of DWI data and to provide clinically feasible bio-markers for non-invasive fetal lung maturity assessment.      
### 18.Dyna-DM: Dynamic Object-aware Self-supervised Monocular Depth Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03799.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation has been a subject of intense study in recent years, because of its applications in robotics and autonomous driving. Much of the recent work focuses on improving depth estimation by increasing architecture complexity. This paper shows that state-of-the-art performance can also be achieved by improving the learning process rather than increasing model complexity. More specifically, we propose (i) only using invariant pose loss for the first few epochs during training, (ii) disregarding small potentially dynamic objects when training, and (iii) employing an appearance-based approach to separately estimate object pose for truly dynamic objects. We demonstrate that these simplifications reduce GPU memory usage by 29% and result in qualitatively and quantitatively improved depth maps      
### 19.Language-Bridged Spatial-Temporal Interaction for Referring Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03789.pdf)
>  Referring video object segmentation aims to predict foreground labels for objects referred by natural language expressions in videos. Previous methods either depend on 3D ConvNets or incorporate additional 2D ConvNets as encoders to extract mixed spatial-temporal features. However, these methods suffer from spatial misalignment or false distractors due to delayed and implicit spatial-temporal interaction occurring in the decoding phase. To tackle these limitations, we propose a Language-Bridged Duplex Transfer (LBDT) module which utilizes language as an intermediary bridge to accomplish explicit and adaptive spatial-temporal interaction earlier in the encoding phase. Concretely, cross-modal attention is performed among the temporal encoder, referring words and the spatial encoder to aggregate and transfer language-relevant motion and appearance information. In addition, we also propose a Bilateral Channel Activation (BCA) module in the decoding phase for further denoising and highlighting the spatial-temporal consistent features via channel-wise activation. Extensive experiments show our method achieves new state-of-the-art performances on four popular benchmarks with 6.8% and 6.9% absolute AP gains on A2D Sentences and J-HMDB Sentences respectively, while consuming around 7x less computational overhead.      
### 20.Learning Digital Terrain Models from Point Clouds: ALS2DTM Dataset and Rasterization-based GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03778.pdf)
>  Despite the popularity of deep neural networks in various domains, the extraction of digital terrain models (DTMs) from airborne laser scanning (ALS) point clouds is still challenging. This might be due to the lack of dedicated large-scale annotated dataset and the data-structure discrepancy between point clouds and DTMs. To promote data-driven DTM extraction, this paper collects from open sources a large-scale dataset of ALS point clouds and corresponding DTMs with various urban, forested, and mountainous scenes. A baseline method is proposed as the first attempt to train a Deep neural network to extract digital Terrain models directly from ALS point clouds via Rasterization techniques, coined DeepTerRa. Extensive studies with well-established methods are performed to benchmark the dataset and analyze the challenges in learning to extract DTM from point clouds. The experimental results show the interest of the agnostic data-driven approach, with sub-metric error level compared to methods designed for DTM extraction. The data and source code is provided at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lhoangan.github.io/deepterra/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for reproducibility and further similar research.      
### 21.PixSelect: Less but Reliable Pixels for Accurate and Efficient Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03775.pdf)
>  Accurate camera pose estimation is a fundamental requirement for numerous applications, such as autonomous driving, mobile robotics, and augmented reality. In this work, we address the problem of estimating the global 6 DoF camera pose from a single RGB image in a given environment. Previous works consider every part of the image valuable for localization. However, many image regions such as the sky, occlusions, and repetitive non-distinguishable patterns cannot be utilized for localization. In addition to adding unnecessary computation efforts, extracting and matching features from such regions produce many wrong matches which in turn degrades the localization accuracy and efficiency. Our work addresses this particular issue and shows by exploiting an interesting concept of sparse 3D models that we can exploit discriminatory environment parts and avoid useless image regions for the sake of a single image localization. Interestingly, through avoiding selecting keypoints from non-reliable image regions such as trees, bushes, cars, pedestrians, and occlusions, our work acts naturally as an outlier filter. This makes our system highly efficient in that minimal set of correspondences is needed and highly accurate as the number of outliers is low. Our work exceeds state-ofthe-art methods on outdoor Cambridge Landmarks dataset. With only relying on single image at inference, it outweighs in terms of accuracy methods that exploit pose priors and/or reference 3D models while being much faster. By choosing as little as 100 correspondences, it surpasses similar methods that localize from thousands of correspondences, while being more efficient. In particular, it achieves, compared to these methods, an improvement of localization by 33% on OldHospital scene. Furthermore, It outstands direct pose regressors even those that learn from sequence of images      
### 22.Learning Task Agnostic Temporal Consistency Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03753.pdf)
>  Due to the scarcity of video processing methodologies, image processing operations are naively extended to the video domain by processing each frame independently. This disregard for the temporal connection in video processing often leads to severe temporal inconsistencies. State-of-the-art techniques that address these inconsistencies rely on the availability of unprocessed videos to siphon consistent video dynamics to restore the temporal consistency of frame-wise processed videos. We propose a novel general framework for this task that learns to infer consistent motion dynamics from inconsistent videos to mitigate the temporal flicker while preserving the perceptual quality for both the temporally neighboring and relatively distant frames. The proposed framework produces state-of-the-art results on two large-scale datasets, DAVIS and <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://videvo.net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>, processed by numerous image processing tasks in a feed-forward manner. The code and the trained models will be released upon acceptance.      
### 23.Large Loss Matters in Weakly Supervised Multi-Label Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03740.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised multi-label classification (WSML) task, which is to learn a multi-label classification using partially observed labels per image, is becoming increasingly important due to its huge annotation cost. In this work, we first regard unobserved labels as negative labels, casting the WSML task into noisy multi-label classification. From this point of view, we empirically observe that memorization effect, which was first discovered in a noisy multi-class setting, also occurs in a multi-label setting. That is, the model first learns the representation of clean labels, and then starts memorizing noisy labels. Based on this finding, we propose novel methods for WSML which reject or correct the large loss samples to prevent model from memorizing the noisy label. Without heavy and complex components, our proposed methods outperform previous state-of-the-art WSML methods on several partial label settings including Pascal VOC 2012, MS COCO, NUSWIDE, CUB, and OpenImages V3 datasets. Various analysis also show that our methodology actually works well, validating that treating large loss properly matters in a weakly supervised multi-label classification. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/snucml/LargeLossMatters" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Wavelet Regularization Benefits Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03727.pdf)
>  Adversarial training methods are state-of-the-art (SOTA) empirical defense methods against adversarial examples. Many regularization methods have been proven to be effective with the combination of adversarial training. Nevertheless, such regularization methods are implemented in the time domain. Since adversarial vulnerability can be regarded as a high-frequency phenomenon, it is essential to regulate the adversarially-trained neural network models in the frequency domain. Faced with these challenges, we make a theoretical analysis on the regularization property of wavelets which can enhance adversarial training. We propose a wavelet regularization method based on the Haar wavelet decomposition which is named Wavelet Average Pooling. This wavelet regularization module is integrated into the wide residual neural network so that a new WideWaveletResNet model is formed. On the datasets of CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, our proposed Adversarial Wavelet Training method realizes considerable robustness under different types of attacks. It verifies the assumption that our wavelet regularization method can enhance adversarial robustness especially in the deep wide neural networks. The visualization experiments of the Frequency Principle (F-Principle) and interpretability are implemented to show the effectiveness of our method. A detailed comparison based on different wavelet base functions is presented. The code is available at the repository: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/momo1986/AdversarialWaveletTraining" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 25.What do we learn? Debunking the Myth of Unsupervised Outlier Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03698.pdf)
>  Even though auto-encoders (AEs) have the desirable property of learning compact representations without labels and have been widely applied to out-of-distribution (OoD) detection, they are generally still poorly understood and are used incorrectly in detecting outliers where the normal and abnormal distributions are strongly overlapping. In general, the learned manifold is assumed to contain key information that is only important for describing samples within the training distribution, and that the reconstruction of outliers leads to high residual errors. However, recent work suggests that AEs are likely to be even better at reconstructing some types of OoD samples. In this work, we challenge this assumption and investigate what auto-encoders actually learn when they are posed to solve two different tasks. First, we propose two metrics based on the Fréchet inception distance (FID) and confidence scores of a trained classifier to assess whether AEs can learn the training distribution and reliably recognize samples from other domains. Second, we investigate whether AEs are able to synthesize normal images from samples with abnormal regions, on a more challenging lung pathology detection task. We have found that state-of-the-art (SOTA) AEs are either unable to constrain the latent manifold and allow reconstruction of abnormal patterns, or they are failing to accurately restore the inputs from their latent distribution, resulting in blurred or misaligned reconstructions. We propose novel deformable auto-encoders (MorphAEus) to learn perceptually aware global image priors and locally adapt their morphometry based on estimated dense deformation fields. We demonstrate superior performance over unsupervised methods in detecting OoD and pathology.      
### 26.Blind Face Restoration: Benchmark Datasets and a Baseline Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03697.pdf)
>  Blind Face Restoration (BFR) aims to construct a high-quality (HQ) face image from its corresponding low-quality (LQ) input. Recently, many BFR methods have been proposed and they have achieved remarkable success. However, these methods are trained or evaluated on privately synthesized datasets, which makes it infeasible for the subsequent approaches to fairly compare with them. To address this problem, we first synthesize two blind face restoration benchmark datasets called EDFace-Celeb-1M (BFR128) and EDFace-Celeb-150K (BFR512). State-of-the-art methods are benchmarked on them under five settings including blur, noise, low resolution, JPEG compression artifacts, and the combination of them (full degradation). To make the comparison more comprehensive, five widely-used quantitative metrics and two task-driven metrics including Average Face Landmark Distance (AFLD) and Average Face ID Cosine Similarity (AFICS) are applied. Furthermore, we develop an effective baseline model called Swin Transformer U-Net (STUNet). The STUNet with U-net architecture applies an attention mechanism and a shifted windowing scheme to capture long-range pixel interactions and focus more on significant features while still being trained efficiently. Experimental results show that the proposed baseline method performs favourably against the SOTA methods on various BFR tasks.      
### 27.Robust Deep Ensemble Method for Real-world Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03691.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning-based image denoising methods have achieved promising performance on test data with the same distribution as training set, where various denoising models based on synthetic or collected real-world training data have been learned. However, when handling real-world noisy images, the denoising performance is still limited. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective Bayesian deep ensemble (BDE) method for real-world image denoising, where several representative deep denoisers pre-trained with various training data settings can be fused to improve robustness. The foundation of BDE is that real-world image noises are highly signal-dependent, and heterogeneous noises in a real-world noisy image can be separately handled by different denoisers. In particular, we take well-trained CBDNet, NBNet, HINet, Uformer and GMSNet into denoiser pool, and a U-Net is adopted to predict pixel-wise weighting maps to fuse these denoisers. Instead of solely learning pixel-wise weighting maps, Bayesian deep learning strategy is introduced to predict weighting uncertainty as well as weighting map, by which prediction variance can be modeled for improving robustness on real-world noisy images. Extensive experiments have shown that real-world noises can be better removed by fusing existing denoisers instead of training a big denoiser with expensive cost. On DND dataset, our BDE achieves +0.28~dB PSNR gain over the state-of-the-art denoising method. Moreover, we note that our BDE denoiser based on different Gaussian noise levels outperforms state-of-the-art CBDNet when applying to real-world noisy images. Furthermore, our BDE can be extended to other image restoration tasks, and achieves +0.30dB, +0.18dB and +0.12dB PSNR gains on benchmark datasets for image deblurring, image deraining and single image super-resolution, respectively.      
### 28.A Unified Model for Multi-class Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03687.pdf)
>  Despite the rapid advance of unsupervised anomaly detection, existing methods require to train separate models for different objects. In this work, we present UniAD that accomplishes anomaly detection for multiple classes with a unified framework. Under such a challenging setting, popular reconstruction networks may fall into an "identical shortcut", where both normal and anomalous samples can be well recovered, and hence fail to spot outliers. To tackle this obstacle, we make three improvements. First, we revisit the formulations of fully-connected layer, convolutional layer, as well as attention layer, and confirm the important role of query embedding (i.e., within attention layer) in preventing the network from learning the shortcut. We therefore come up with a layer-wise query decoder to help model the multi-class distribution. Second, we employ a neighbor masked attention module to further avoid the information leak from the input feature to the reconstructed output feature. Third, we propose a feature jittering strategy that urges the model to recover the correct message even with noisy inputs. We evaluate our algorithm on MVTec-AD and CIFAR-10 datasets, where we surpass the state-of-the-art alternatives by a sufficiently large margin. For example, when learning a unified model for 15 categories in MVTec-AD, we surpass the second competitor on the tasks of both anomaly detection (from 88.1% to 96.5%) and anomaly localization (from 89.5% to 96.8%). Code will be made publicly available.      
### 29.DebiasBench: Benchmark for Fair Comparison of Debiasing in Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03680.pdf)
>  Image classifiers often rely overly on peripheral attributes that have a strong correlation with the target class (i.e., dataset bias) when making predictions. Recently, a myriad of studies focus on mitigating such dataset bias, the task of which is referred to as debiasing. However, these debiasing methods often have inconsistent experimental settings (e.g., datasets and neural network architectures). Additionally, most of the previous studies in debiasing do not specify how they select their model parameters which involve early stopping and hyper-parameter tuning. The goal of this paper is to standardize the inconsistent experimental settings and propose a consistent model parameter selection criterion for debiasing. Based on such unified experimental settings and model parameter selection criterion, we build a benchmark named DebiasBench which includes five datasets and seven debiasing methods. We carefully conduct extensive experiments in various aspects and show that different state-of-the-art methods work best in different datasets, respectively. Even, the vanilla method, the method with no debiasing module, also shows competitive results in datasets with low bias severity. We publicly release the implementation of existing debiasing methods in DebiasBench to encourage future researchers in debiasing to conduct fair comparisons and further push the state-of-the-art performances.      
### 30.UHD Image Deblurring via Multi-scale Cubic-Mixer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03678.pdf)
>  Currently, transformer-based algorithms are making a splash in the domain of image deblurring. Their achievement depends on the self-attention mechanism with CNN stem to model long range dependencies between tokens. Unfortunately, this ear-pleasing pipeline introduces high computational complexity and makes it difficult to run an ultra-high-definition image on a single GPU in real time. To trade-off accuracy and efficiency, the input degraded image is computed cyclically over three dimensional ($C$, $W$, and $H$) signals without a self-attention mechanism. We term this deep network as Multi-scale Cubic-Mixer, which is acted on both the real and imaginary components after fast Fourier transform to estimate the Fourier coefficients and thus obtain a deblurred image. Furthermore, we combine the multi-scale cubic-mixer with a slicing strategy to generate high-quality results at a much lower computational cost. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm performs favorably against the state-of-the-art deblurring approaches on the several benchmarks and a new ultra-high-definition dataset in terms of accuracy and speed.      
### 31.Unsupervised Learning of 3D Scene Flow from Monocular Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03673.pdf)
>  Scene flow represents the motion of points in the 3D space, which is the counterpart of the optical flow that represents the motion of pixels in the 2D image. However, it is difficult to obtain the ground truth of scene flow in the real scenes, and recent studies are based on synthetic data for training. Therefore, how to train a scene flow network with unsupervised methods based on real-world data shows crucial significance. A novel unsupervised learning method for scene flow is proposed in this paper, which utilizes the images of two consecutive frames taken by monocular camera without the ground truth of scene flow for training. Our method realizes the goal that training scene flow network with real-world data, which bridges the gap between training data and test data and broadens the scope of available data for training. Unsupervised learning of scene flow in this paper mainly consists of two parts: (i) depth estimation and camera pose estimation, and (ii) scene flow estimation based on four different loss functions. Depth estimation and camera pose estimation obtain the depth maps and camera pose between two consecutive frames, which provide further information for the next scene flow estimation. After that, we used depth consistency loss, dynamic-static consistency loss, Chamfer loss, and Laplacian regularization loss to carry out unsupervised training of the scene flow network. To our knowledge, this is the first paper that realizes the unsupervised learning of 3D scene flow from monocular camera. The experiment results on KITTI show that our method for unsupervised learning of scene flow meets great performance compared to traditional methods Iterative Closest Point (ICP) and Fast Global Registration (FGR). The source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IRMVLab/3DUnMonoFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Depth Estimation Matters Most: Improving Per-Object Depth Estimation for Monocular 3D Detection and Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03666.pdf)
>  Monocular image-based 3D perception has become an active research area in recent years owing to its applications in autonomous driving. Approaches to monocular 3D perception including detection and tracking, however, often yield inferior performance when compared to LiDAR-based techniques. Through systematic analysis, we identified that per-object depth estimation accuracy is a major factor bounding the performance. Motivated by this observation, we propose a multi-level fusion method that combines different representations (RGB and pseudo-LiDAR) and temporal information across multiple frames for objects (tracklets) to enhance per-object depth estimation. Our proposed fusion method achieves the state-of-the-art performance of per-object depth estimation on the Waymo Open Dataset, the KITTI detection dataset, and the KITTI MOT dataset. We further demonstrate that by simply replacing estimated depth with fusion-enhanced depth, we can achieve significant improvements in monocular 3D perception tasks, including detection and tracking.      
### 33.One Hyper-Initializer for All Network Architectures in Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03661.pdf)
>  Pre-training is essential to deep learning model performance, especially in medical image analysis tasks where limited training data are available. However, existing pre-training methods are inflexible as the pre-trained weights of one model cannot be reused by other network architectures. In this paper, we propose an architecture-irrelevant hyper-initializer, which can initialize any given network architecture well after being pre-trained for only once. The proposed initializer is a hypernetwork which takes a downstream architecture as input graphs and outputs the initialization parameters of the respective architecture. We show the effectiveness and efficiency of the hyper-initializer through extensive experimental results on multiple medical imaging modalities, especially in data-limited fields. Moreover, we prove that the proposed algorithm can be reused as a favorable plug-and-play initializer for any downstream architecture and task (both classification and segmentation) of the same modality.      
### 34.Delving into the Pre-training Paradigm of Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03657.pdf)
>  The labels of monocular 3D object detection (M3OD) are expensive to obtain. Meanwhile, there usually exists numerous unlabeled data in practical applications, and pre-training is an efficient way of exploiting the knowledge in unlabeled data. However, the pre-training paradigm for M3OD is hardly studied. We aim to bridge this gap in this work. To this end, we first draw two observations: (1) The guideline of devising pre-training tasks is imitating the representation of the target task. (2) Combining depth estimation and 2D object detection is a promising M3OD pre-training baseline. Afterwards, following the guideline, we propose several strategies to further improve this baseline, which mainly include target guided semi-dense depth estimation, keypoint-aware 2D object detection, and class-level loss adjustment. Combining all the developed techniques, the obtained pre-training framework produces pre-trained backbones that improve M3OD performance significantly on both the KITTI-3D and nuScenes benchmarks. For example, by applying a DLA34 backbone to a naive center-based M3OD detector, the moderate ${\rm AP}_{3D}70$ score of Car on the KITTI-3D testing set is boosted by 18.71\% and the NDS score on the nuScenes validation set is improved by 40.41\% relatively.      
### 35.Predictive Modeling of Charge Levels for Battery Electric Vehicles using CNN EfficientNet and IGTD Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03612.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been a good solution for understanding a vast image dataset. As the increased number of battery-equipped electric vehicles is flourishing globally, there has been much research on understanding which charge levels electric vehicle drivers would choose to charge their vehicles to get to their destination without any prevention. We implemented deep learning approaches to analyze the tabular datasets to understand their state of charge and which charge levels they would choose. In addition, we implemented the Image Generator for Tabular Dataset algorithm to utilize tabular datasets as image datasets to train convolutional neural networks. Also, we integrated other CNN architecture such as EfficientNet to prove that CNN is a great learner for reading information from images that were converted from the tabular dataset, and able to predict charge levels for battery-equipped electric vehicles. We also evaluated several optimization methods to enhance the learning rate of the models and examined further analysis on improving the model architecture.      
### 36.One Ring to Bring Them All: Towards Open-Set Recognition under Domain Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03600.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate $\textit{open-set recognition}$ with domain shift, where the final goal is to achieve $\textit{Source-free Universal Domain Adaptation}$ (SF-UNDA), which addresses the situation where there exist both domain and category shifts between source and target domains. Under the SF-UNDA setting, the model cannot access source data anymore during target adaptation, which aims to address data privacy concerns. We propose a novel training scheme to learn a ($n$+1)-way classifier to predict the $n$ source classes and the unknown class, where samples of only known source categories are available for training. Furthermore, for target adaptation, we simply adopt a weighted entropy minimization to adapt the source pretrained model to the unlabeled target domain without source data. In experiments, we show: $\textbf{1)}$ After source training, the resulting source model can get excellent performance for $\textit{open-set single domain generalization}$ and also $\textit{open-set recognition}$ tasks; $\textbf{2)}$ After target adaptation, our method surpasses current UNDA approaches which demand source data during adaptation on several benchmarks. The versatility to several different tasks strongly proves the efficacy and generalization ability of our method. $\textbf{3)}$ When augmented with a closed-set domain adaptation approach during target adaptation, our source-free method further outperforms the current state-of-the-art UNDA method by 2.5%, 7.2% and 13% on Office-31, Office-Home and VisDA respectively. Code will be available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Albert0147/OneRing" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.ObPose: Leveraging Canonical Pose for Object-Centric Scene Inference in 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03591.pdf)
>  We present ObPose, an unsupervised object-centric generative model that learns to segment 3D objects from RGB-D video in an unsupervised manner. Inspired by prior art in 2D representation learning, ObPose considers a factorised latent space, separately encoding object-wise location (where) and appearance (what) information. In particular, ObPose leverages an object's canonical pose, defined via a minimum volume principle, as a novel inductive bias for learning the where component. To achieve this, we propose an efficient, voxelised approximation approach to recover the object shape directly from a neural radiance field (NeRF). As a consequence, ObPose models scenes as compositions of NeRFs representing individual objects. When evaluated on the YCB dataset for unsupervised scene segmentation, ObPose outperforms the current state-of-the-art in 3D scene inference (ObSuRF) by a significant margin in terms of segmentation quality for both video inputs as well as for multi-view static scenes. In addition, the design choices made in the ObPose encoder are validated with relevant ablations.      
### 38.A Penny for Your (visual) Thoughts: Self-Supervised Reconstruction of Natural Movies from Brain Activity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03544.pdf)
>  Reconstructing natural videos from fMRI brain recordings is very challenging, for two main reasons: (i) As fMRI data acquisition is diffcult, we only have a limited amount of supervised samples, which is not enough to cover the huge space of natural videos; and (ii) The temporal resolution of fMRI recordings is much lower than the frame rate of natural videos. In this paper, we propose a selfsupervised approach for natural movie reconstruction. By employing cycle consistency over Encoding-Decoding natural videos, we can: (i) exploit the full framerate of the training videos, and not be limited only to clips that correspond to fMRI recordings; (ii) exploit massive amounts of external natural videos which the subjects never saw inside the fMRI machine. These enable increasing the applicable training data by several orders of magnitude, introducing natural video priors to the decoding network, as well as temporal coherence. Our approach signifcantly outperforms competing methods, since those train only on the limited supervised data. We further introduce a new and simple temporal prior of natural videos, which when folded into our fMRI decoder further allows us to reconstruct videos at a higher framerate (HFR) of up to x8 of the original fMRI sample rate.      
### 39.SYNERgy between SYNaptic consolidation and Experience Replay for general continual learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04016.pdf)
>  Continual learning (CL) in the brain is facilitated by a complex set of mechanisms. This includes the interplay of multiple memory systems for consolidating information as posited by the complementary learning systems (CLS) theory and synaptic consolidation for protecting the acquired knowledge from erasure. Thus, we propose a general CL method that creates a synergy between SYNaptic consolidation and dual memory Experience Replay (SYNERgy). Our method maintains a semantic memory that accumulates and consolidates information across the tasks and interacts with the episodic memory for effective replay. It further employs synaptic consolidation by tracking the importance of parameters during the training trajectory and anchoring them to the consolidated parameters in the semantic memory. To the best of our knowledge, our study is the first to employ dual memory experience replay in conjunction with synaptic consolidation that is suitable for general CL whereby the network does not utilize task boundaries or task labels during training or inference. Our evaluation on various challenging CL scenarios and characteristics analyses demonstrate the efficacy of incorporating both synaptic consolidation and CLS theory in enabling effective CL in DNNs.      
### 40.Few-Shot Audio-Visual Learning of Environment Acoustics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04006.pdf)
>  Room impulse response (RIR) functions capture how the surrounding physical environment transforms the sounds heard by a listener, with implications for various applications in AR, VR, and robotics. Whereas traditional methods to estimate RIRs assume dense geometry and/or sound measurements throughout the environment, we explore how to infer RIRs based on a sparse set of images and echoes observed in the space. Towards that goal, we introduce a transformer-based method that uses self-attention to build a rich acoustic context, then predicts RIRs of arbitrary query source-receiver locations through cross-attention. Additionally, we design a novel training objective that improves the match in the acoustic signature between the RIR predictions and the targets. In experiments using a state-of-the-art audio-visual simulator for 3D environments, we demonstrate that our method successfully generates arbitrary RIRs, outperforming state-of-the-art methods and--in a major departure from traditional methods--generalizing to novel environments in a few-shot manner. Project: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/fs_rir" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 41.Out-of-Distribution Detection with Class Ratio Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03955.pdf)
>  Density-based Out-of-distribution (OOD) detection has recently been shown unreliable for the task of detecting OOD images. Various density ratio based approaches achieve good empirical performance, however methods typically lack a principled probabilistic modelling explanation. In this work, we propose to unify density ratio based methods under a novel framework that builds energy-based models and employs differing base distributions. Under our framework, the density ratio can be viewed as the unnormalized density of an implicit semantic distribution. Further, we propose to directly estimate the density ratio of a data sample through class ratio estimation. We report competitive results on OOD image problems in comparison with recent work that alternatively requires training of deep generative models for the task. Our approach enables a simple and yet effective path towards solving the OOD detection problem.      
### 42.Dual-Distribution Discrepancy for Anomaly Detection in Chest X-Rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03935.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is the most typical radiological exam for diagnosis of various diseases. Due to the expensive and time-consuming annotations, detecting anomalies in CXRs in an unsupervised fashion is very promising. However, almost all of the existing methods consider anomaly detection as a One-Class Classification (OCC) problem. They model the distribution of only known normal images during training and identify the samples not conforming to normal profile as anomalies in the testing phase. A large number of unlabeled images containing anomalies are thus ignored in the training phase, although they are easy to obtain in clinical practice. In this paper, we propose a novel strategy, Dual-distribution Discrepancy for Anomaly Detection (DDAD), utilizing both known normal images and unlabeled images. The proposed method consists of two modules, denoted as A and B. During training, module A takes both known normal and unlabeled images as inputs, capturing anomalous features from unlabeled images in some way, while module B models the distribution of only known normal images. Subsequently, the inter-discrepancy between modules A and B, and intra-discrepancy inside module B are designed as anomaly scores to indicate anomalies. Experiments on three CXR datasets demonstrate that the proposed DDAD achieves consistent, significant gains and outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/caiyu6666/DDAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration with Absent Correspondences in Pre-operative and Post-Recurrence Brain Tumor MRI Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03900.pdf)
>  Registration of pre-operative and post-recurrence brain images is often needed to evaluate the effectiveness of brain gliomas treatment. While recent deep learning-based deformable registration methods have achieved remarkable success with healthy brain images, most of them would be unable to accurately align images with pathologies due to the absent correspondences in the reference image. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based deformable registration method that jointly estimates regions with absent correspondence and bidirectional deformation fields. A forward-backward consistency constraint is used to aid in the localization of the resection and recurrence region from voxels with absence correspondences in the two images. Results on 3D clinical data from the BraTS-Reg challenge demonstrate our method can improve image alignment compared to traditional and deep learning-based registration approaches with or without cost function masking strategy. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cwmok/DIRAC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Generative Myocardial Motion Tracking via Latent Space Exploration with Biomechanics-informed Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03830.pdf)
>  Myocardial motion and deformation are rich descriptors that characterize cardiac function. Image registration, as the most commonly used technique for myocardial motion tracking, is an ill-posed inverse problem which often requires prior assumptions on the solution space. In contrast to most existing approaches which impose explicit generic regularization such as smoothness, in this work we propose a novel method that can implicitly learn an application-specific biomechanics-informed prior and embed it into a neural network-parameterized transformation model. Particularly, the proposed method leverages a variational autoencoder-based generative model to learn a manifold for biomechanically plausible deformations. The motion tracking then can be performed via traversing the learnt manifold to search for the optimal transformations while considering the sequence information. The proposed method is validated on three public cardiac cine MRI datasets with comprehensive evaluations. The results demonstrate that the proposed method can outperform other approaches, yielding higher motion tracking accuracy with reasonable volume preservation and better generalizability to varying data distributions. It also enables better estimates of myocardial strains, which indicates the potential of the method in characterizing spatiotemporal signatures for understanding cardiovascular diseases.      
### 45.Towards Understanding Why Mask-Reconstruction Pretraining Helps in Downstream Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03826.pdf)
>  For unsupervised pretraining, mask-reconstruction pretraining (MRP) approaches randomly mask input patches and then reconstruct pixels or semantic features of these masked patches via an auto-encoder. Then for a downstream task, supervised fine-tuning the pretrained encoder remarkably surpasses the conventional supervised learning (SL) trained from scratch. However, it is still unclear 1) how MRP performs semantic learning in the pretraining phase and 2) why it helps in downstream tasks. To solve these problems, we theoretically show that on an auto-encoder of a two/one-layered convolution encoder/decoder, MRP can capture all discriminative semantics in the pretraining dataset, and accordingly show its provable improvement over SL on the classification downstream task. Specifically, we assume that pretraining dataset contains multi-view samples of ratio $1-\mu$ and single-view samples of ratio $\mu$, where multi/single-view samples has multiple/single discriminative semantics. Then for pretraining, we prove that 1) the convolution kernels of the MRP encoder captures all discriminative semantics in the pretraining data; and 2) a convolution kernel captures at most one semantic. Accordingly, in the downstream supervised fine-tuning, most semantics would be captured and different semantics would not be fused together. This helps the downstream fine-tuned network to easily establish the relation between kernels and semantic class labels. In this way, the fine-tuned encoder in MRP provably achieves zero test error with high probability for both multi-view and single-view test data. In contrast, as proved by~[3], conventional SL can only obtain a test accuracy between around $0.5\mu$ for single-view test data. These results together explain the benefits of MRP in downstream tasks. Experimental results testify to multi-view data assumptions and our theoretical implications.      
### 46.Dual Windows Are Significant: Learning from Mediastinal Window and Focusing on Lung Window  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03803.pdf)
>  Since the pandemic of COVID-19, several deep learning methods were proposed to analyze the chest Computed Tomography (CT) for diagnosis. In the current situation, the disease course classification is significant for medical personnel to decide the treatment. Most previous deep-learning-based methods extract features observed from the lung window. However, it has been proved that some appearances related to diagnosis can be observed better from the mediastinal window rather than the lung window, e.g., the pulmonary consolidation happens more in severe symptoms. In this paper, we propose a novel Dual Window RCNN Network (DWRNet), which mainly learns the distinctive features from the successive mediastinal window. Regarding the features extracted from the lung window, we introduce the Lung Window Attention Block (LWA Block) to pay additional attention to them for enhancing the mediastinal-window features. Moreover, instead of picking up specific slices from the whole CT slices, we use a Recurrent CNN and analyze successive slices as videos. Experimental results show that the fused and representative features improve the predictions of disease course by reaching the accuracy of 90.57%, against the baseline with an accuracy of 84.86%. Ablation studies demonstrate that combined dual window features are more efficient than lung-window features alone, while paying attention to lung-window features can improve the model's stability.      
### 47.Disentangled Ontology Embedding for Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03739.pdf)
>  Knowledge Graph (KG) and its variant of ontology have been widely used for knowledge representation, and have shown to be quite effective in augmenting Zero-shot Learning (ZSL). However, existing ZSL methods that utilize KGs all neglect the intrinsic complexity of inter-class relationships represented in KGs. One typical feature is that a class is often related to other classes in different semantic aspects. In this paper, we focus on ontologies for augmenting ZSL, and propose to learn disentangled ontology embeddings guided by ontology properties to capture and utilize more fine-grained class relationships in different aspects. We also contribute a new ZSL framework named DOZSL, which contains two new ZSL solutions based on generative models and graph propagation models, respectively, for effectively utilizing the disentangled ontology embeddings. Extensive evaluations have been conducted on five benchmarks across zero-shot image classification (ZS-IMGC) and zero-shot KG completion (ZS-KGC). DOZSL often achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art, and its components have been verified by ablation studies and case studies. Our codes and datasets are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zjukg/DOZSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Hypernetwork-based Personalized Federated Learning for Multi-Institutional CT Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03709.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) is of great importance in clinical practice due to its powerful ability to provide patients' anatomical information without any invasive inspection, but its potential radiation risk is raising people's concerns. Deep learning-based methods are considered promising in CT reconstruction, but these network models are usually trained with the measured data obtained from specific scanning protocol and need to centralizedly collect large amounts of data, which will lead to serious data domain shift, and privacy concerns. To relieve these problems, in this paper, we propose a hypernetwork-based federated learning method for personalized CT imaging, dubbed as HyperFed. The basic assumption of HyperFed is that the optimization problem for each institution can be divided into two parts: the local data adaption problem and the global CT imaging problem, which are implemented by an institution-specific hypernetwork and a global-sharing imaging network, respectively. The purpose of global-sharing imaging network is to learn stable and effective common features from different institutions. The institution-specific hypernetwork is carefully designed to obtain hyperparameters to condition the global-sharing imaging network for personalized local CT reconstruction. Experiments show that HyperFed achieves competitive performance in CT reconstruction compared with several other state-of-the-art methods. It is believed as a promising direction to improve CT imaging quality and achieve personalized demands of different institutions or scanners without privacy data sharing. The codes will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zi-YuanYang/HyperFed" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.COVIDx CXR-3: A Large-Scale, Open-Source Benchmark Dataset of Chest X-ray Images for Computer-Aided COVID-19 Diagnostics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03671.pdf)
>  After more than two years since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the pressure of this crisis continues to devastate globally. The use of chest X-ray (CXR) imaging as a complementary screening strategy to RT-PCR testing is not only prevailing but has greatly increased due to its routine clinical use for respiratory complaints. Thus far, many visual perception models have been proposed for COVID-19 screening based on CXR imaging. Nevertheless, the accuracy and the generalization capacity of these models are very much dependent on the diversity and the size of the dataset they were trained on. Motivated by this, we introduce COVIDx CXR-3, a large-scale benchmark dataset of CXR images for supporting COVID-19 computer vision research. COVIDx CXR-3 is composed of 30,386 CXR images from a multinational cohort of 17,026 patients from at least 51 countries, making it, to the best of our knowledge, the most extensive, most diverse COVID-19 CXR dataset in open access form. Here, we provide comprehensive details on the various aspects of the proposed dataset including patient demographics, imaging views, and infection types. The hope is that COVIDx CXR-3 can assist scientists in advancing computer vision research against the COVID-19 pandemic.      
### 50.A new method incorporating deep learning with shape priors for left ventricular segmentation in myocardial perfusion SPECT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03603.pdf)
>  Background: The assessment of left ventricular (LV) function by myocardial perfusion SPECT (MPS) relies on accurate myocardial segmentation. The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a new method incorporating deep learning with shape priors to accurately extract the LV myocardium for automatic measurement of LV functional parameters. Methods: A segmentation architecture that integrates a three-dimensional (3D) V-Net with a shape deformation module was developed. Using the shape priors generated by a dynamic programming (DP) algorithm, the model output was then constrained and guided during the model training for quick convergence and improved performance. A stratified 5-fold cross-validation was used to train and validate our models. Results: Results of our proposed method agree well with those from the ground truth. Our proposed model achieved a Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.9573(0.0244), 0.9821(0.0137), and 0.9903(0.0041), a Hausdorff distances (HD) of 6.7529(2.7334) mm, 7.2507(3.1952) mm, and 7.6121(3.0134) mm in extracting the endocardium, myocardium, and epicardium, respectively. Conclusion: Our proposed method achieved a high accuracy in extracting LV myocardial contours and assessing LV function.      
### 51.Neural Network Compression via Effective Filter Analysis and Hierarchical Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03596.pdf)
>  Network compression is crucial to making the deep networks to be more efficient, faster, and generalizable to low-end hardware. Current network compression methods have two open problems: first, there lacks a theoretical framework to estimate the maximum compression rate; second, some layers may get over-prunned, resulting in significant network performance drop. To solve these two problems, this study propose a gradient-matrix singularity analysis-based method to estimate the maximum network redundancy. Guided by that maximum rate, a novel and efficient hierarchical network pruning algorithm is developed to maximally condense the neuronal network structure without sacrificing network performance. Substantial experiments are performed to demonstrate the efficacy of the new method for pruning several advanced convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. Compared to existing pruning methods, the proposed pruning algorithm achieved state-of-the-art performance. At the same or similar compression ratio, the new method provided the highest network prediction accuracy as compared to other methods.      
### 52.White-box Membership Attack Against Machine Learning Based Retinopathy Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03584.pdf)
>  The advances in machine learning (ML) have greatly improved AI-based diagnosis aid systems in medical imaging. However, being based on collecting medical data specific to individuals induces several security issues, especially in terms of privacy. Even though the owner of the images like a hospital put in place strict privacy protection provisions at the level of its information system, the model trained over his images still holds disclosure potential. The trained model may be accessible to an attacker as: 1) White-box: accessing to the model architecture and parameters; 2) Black box: where he can only query the model with his own inputs through an appropriate interface. Existing attack methods include: feature estimation attacks (FEA), membership inference attack (MIA), model memorization attack (MMA) and identification attacks (IA). In this work we focus on MIA against a model that has been trained to detect diabetic retinopathy from retinal images. Diabetic retinopathy is a condition that can cause vision loss and blindness in the people who have diabetes. MIA is the process of determining whether a data sample comes from the training data set of a trained ML model or not. From a privacy perspective in our use case where a diabetic retinopathy classification model is given to partners that have at their disposal images along with patients' identifiers, inferring the membership status of a data sample can help to state if a patient has contributed or not to the training of the model.      
### 53.Contributor-Aware Defenses Against Adversarial Backdoor Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03583.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks for image classification are well-known to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. One such attack that has garnered recent attention is the adversarial backdoor attack, which has demonstrated the capability to perform targeted misclassification of specific examples. In particular, backdoor attacks attempt to force a model to learn spurious relations between backdoor trigger patterns and false labels. In response to this threat, numerous defensive measures have been proposed; however, defenses against backdoor attacks focus on backdoor pattern detection, which may be unreliable against novel or unexpected types of backdoor pattern designs. We introduce a novel re-contextualization of the adversarial setting, where the presence of an adversary implicitly admits the existence of multiple database contributors. Then, under the mild assumption of contributor awareness, it becomes possible to exploit this knowledge to defend against backdoor attacks by destroying the false label associations. We propose a contributor-aware universal defensive framework for learning in the presence of multiple, potentially adversarial data sources that utilizes semi-supervised ensembles and learning from crowds to filter the false labels produced by adversarial triggers. Importantly, this defensive strategy is agnostic to backdoor pattern design, as it functions without needing -- or even attempting -- to perform either adversary identification or backdoor pattern detection during either training or inference. Our empirical studies demonstrate the robustness of the proposed framework against adversarial backdoor attacks from multiple simultaneous adversaries.      
### 54.EiX-GNN : Concept-level eigencentrality explainer for graph neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03491.pdf)
>  Explaining is a human knowledge transfer process regarding a phenomenon between an explainer and an explainee. Each word used to explain this phenomenon must be carefully selected by the explainer in accordance with the current explainee phenomenon-related knowledge level and the phenomenon itself in order to have a high understanding from the explainee of the phenomenon. Nowadays, deep models, especially graph neural networks, have a major place in daily life even in critical applications. In such context, those models need to have a human high interpretability also referred as being explainable, in order to improve usage trustability of them in sensitive cases. Explaining is also a human dependent task and methods that explain deep model behavior must include these social-related concerns for providing profitable and quality explanations. Current explaining methods often occlude such social aspect for providing their explanations and only focus on the signal aspect of the question. In this contribution we propose a reliable social-aware explaining method suited for graph neural network that includes this social feature as a modular concept generator and by both leveraging signal and graph domain aspect thanks to an eigencentrality concept ordering approach. Besides our method takes into account the human-dependent aspect underlying any explanation process, we also reach high score regarding state-of-the-art objective metrics assessing explanation methods for graph neural networks models.      
