# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 28 Jun 2022
### 1.Programmatic Concept Learning for Human Motion Description and Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13502.pdf)
>  We introduce Programmatic Motion Concepts, a hierarchical motion representation for human actions that captures both low-level motion and high-level description as motion concepts. This representation enables human motion description, interactive editing, and controlled synthesis of novel video sequences within a single framework. We present an architecture that learns this concept representation from paired video and action sequences in a semi-supervised manner. The compactness of our representation also allows us to present a low-resource training recipe for data-efficient learning. By outperforming established baselines, especially in the small data regime, we demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our framework for multiple applications.      
### 2.Neural Neural Textures Make Sim2Real Consistent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13500.pdf)
>  Unpaired image translation algorithms can be used for sim2real tasks, but many fail to generate temporally consistent results. We present a new approach that combines differentiable rendering with image translation to achieve temporal consistency over indefinite timescales, using surface consistency losses and \emph{neural neural textures}. We call this algorithm TRITON (Texture Recovering Image Translation Network): an unsupervised, end-to-end, stateless sim2real algorithm that leverages the underlying 3D geometry of input scenes by generating realistic-looking learnable neural textures. By settling on a particular texture for the objects in a scene, we ensure consistency between frames statelessly. Unlike previous algorithms, TRITON is not limited to camera movements -- it can handle the movement of objects as well, making it useful for downstream tasks such as robotic manipulation.      
### 3.Learn Fast, Segment Well: Fast Object Segmentation Learning on the iCub Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13462.pdf)
>  The visual system of a robot has different requirements depending on the application: it may require high accuracy or reliability, be constrained by limited resources or need fast adaptation to dynamically changing environments. In this work, we focus on the instance segmentation task and provide a comprehensive study of different techniques that allow adapting an object segmentation model in presence of novel objects or different domains. We propose a pipeline for fast instance segmentation learning designed for robotic applications where data come in stream. It is based on an hybrid method leveraging on a pre-trained CNN for feature extraction and fast-to-train Kernel-based classifiers. We also propose a training protocol that allows to shorten the training time by performing feature extraction during the data acquisition. We benchmark the proposed pipeline on two robotics datasets and we deploy it on a real robot, i.e. the iCub humanoid. To this aim, we adapt our method to an incremental setting in which novel objects are learned on-line by the robot. The code to reproduce the experiments is publicly available on GitHub.      
### 4.Optimizing Video Prediction via Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13454.pdf)
>  Video prediction is an extrapolation task that predicts future frames given past frames, and video frame interpolation is an interpolation task that estimates intermediate frames between two frames. We have witnessed the tremendous advancement of video frame interpolation, but the general video prediction in the wild is still an open question. Inspired by the photo-realistic results of video frame interpolation, we present a new optimization framework for video prediction via video frame interpolation, in which we solve an extrapolation problem based on an interpolation model. Our video prediction framework is based on optimization with a pretrained differentiable video frame interpolation module without the need for a training dataset, and thus there is no domain gap issue between training and test data. Also, our approach does not need any additional information such as semantic or instance maps, which makes our framework applicable to any video. Extensive experiments on the Cityscapes, KITTI, DAVIS, Middlebury, and Vimeo90K datasets show that our video prediction results are robust in general scenarios, and our approach outperforms other video prediction methods that require a large amount of training data or extra semantic information.      
### 5.ContraReg: Contrastive Learning of Multi-modality Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13434.pdf)
>  Establishing voxelwise semantic correspondence across distinct imaging modalities is a foundational yet formidable computer vision task. Current multi-modality registration techniques maximize hand-crafted inter-domain similarity functions, are limited in modeling nonlinear intensity-relationships and deformations, and may require significant re-engineering or underperform on new tasks, datasets, and domain pairs. This work presents ContraReg, an unsupervised contrastive representation learning approach to multi-modality deformable registration. By projecting learned multi-scale local patch features onto a jointly learned inter-domain embedding space, ContraReg obtains representations useful for non-rigid multi-modality alignment. Experimentally, ContraReg achieves accurate and robust results with smooth and invertible deformations across a series of baselines and ablations on a neonatal T1-T2 brain MRI registration task with all methods validated over a wide range of deformation regularization strengths.      
### 6.RES: A Robust Framework for Guiding Visual Explanation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13413.pdf)
>  Despite the fast progress of explanation techniques in modern Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) where the main focus is handling "how to generate the explanations", advanced research questions that examine the quality of the explanation itself (e.g., "whether the explanations are accurate") and improve the explanation quality (e.g., "how to adjust the model to generate more accurate explanations when explanations are inaccurate") are still relatively under-explored. To guide the model toward better explanations, techniques in explanation supervision - which add supervision signals on the model explanation - have started to show promising effects on improving both the generalizability as and intrinsic interpretability of Deep Neural Networks. However, the research on supervising explanations, especially in vision-based applications represented through saliency maps, is in its early stage due to several inherent challenges: 1) inaccuracy of the human explanation annotation boundary, 2) incompleteness of the human explanation annotation region, and 3) inconsistency of the data distribution between human annotation and model explanation maps. To address the challenges, we propose a generic RES framework for guiding visual explanation by developing a novel objective that handles inaccurate boundary, incomplete region, and inconsistent distribution of human annotations, with a theoretical justification on model generalizability. Extensive experiments on two real-world image datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework on enhancing both the reasonability of the explanation and the performance of the backbone DNNs model.      
### 7.An Efficient Industrial Federated Learning Framework for AIoT: A Face Recognition Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13398.pdf)
>  Recently, the artificial intelligence of things (AIoT) has been gaining increasing attention, with an intriguing vision of providing highly intelligent services through the network connection of things, leading to an advanced AI-driven ecology. However, recent regulatory restrictions on data privacy preclude uploading sensitive local data to data centers and utilizing them in a centralized approach. Directly applying federated learning algorithms in this scenario could hardly meet the industrial requirements of both efficiency and accuracy. Therefore, we propose an efficient industrial federated learning framework for AIoT in terms of a face recognition application. Specifically, we propose to utilize the concept of transfer learning to speed up federated training on devices and further present a novel design of a private projector that helps protect shared gradients without incurring additional memory consumption or computational cost. Empirical studies on a private Asian face dataset show that our approach can achieve high recognition accuracy in only 20 communication rounds, demonstrating its effectiveness in prediction and its efficiency in training.      
### 8.Generative Modelling With Inverse Heat Dissipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13397.pdf)
>  While diffusion models have shown great success in image generation, their noise-inverting generative process does not explicitly consider the structure of images, such as their inherent multi-scale nature. Inspired by diffusion models and the desirability of coarse-to-fine modelling, we propose a new model that generates images through iteratively inverting the heat equation, a PDE that locally erases fine-scale information when run over the 2D plane of the image. In our novel methodology, the solution of the forward heat equation is interpreted as a variational approximation in a directed graphical model. We demonstrate promising image quality and point out emergent qualitative properties not seen in diffusion models, such as disentanglement of overall colour and shape in images and aspects of neural network interpretability. Spectral analysis on natural images positions our model as a type of dual to diffusion models and reveals implicit inductive biases in them.      
### 9.A Simple Approach for Visual Rearrangement: 3D Mapping and Semantic Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13396.pdf)
>  Physically rearranging objects is an important capability for embodied agents. Visual room rearrangement evaluates an agent's ability to rearrange objects in a room to a desired goal based solely on visual input. We propose a simple yet effective method for this problem: (1) search for and map which objects need to be rearranged, and (2) rearrange each object until the task is complete. Our approach consists of an off-the-shelf semantic segmentation model, voxel-based semantic map, and semantic search policy to efficiently find objects that need to be rearranged. On the AI2-THOR Rearrangement Challenge, our method improves on current state-of-the-art end-to-end reinforcement learning-based methods that learn visual rearrangement policies from 0.53% correct rearrangement to 16.56%, using only 2.7% as many samples from the environment.      
### 10.Gait Cycle Reconstruction and Human Identification from Occluded Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13395.pdf)
>  Gait-based person identification from videos captured at surveillance sites using Computer Vision-based techniques is quite challenging since these walking sequences are usually corrupted with occlusion, and a complete cycle of gait is not always available. In this work, we propose an effective neural network-based model to reconstruct the occluded frames in an input sequence before carrying out gait recognition. Specifically, we employ LSTM networks to predict an embedding for each occluded frame both from the forward and the backward directions, and next fuse the predictions from the two LSTMs by employing a network of residual blocks and convolutional layers. While the LSTMs are trained to minimize the mean-squared loss, the fusion network is trained to optimize the pixel-wise cross-entropy loss between the ground-truth and the reconstructed samples. Evaluation of our approach has been done using synthetically occluded sequences generated from the OU-ISIR LP and CASIA-B data and real-occluded sequences present in the TUM-IITKGP data. The effectiveness of the proposed reconstruction model has been verified through the Dice score and gait-based recognition accuracy using some popular gait recognition methods. Comparative study with existing occlusion handling methods in gait recognition highlights the superiority of our proposed occlusion reconstruction approach over the others.      
### 11.Remote Sensing Image Classification using Transfer Learning and Attention Based Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13392.pdf)
>  The task of remote sensing image scene classification (RSISC), which aims at classifying remote sensing images into groups of semantic categories based on their contents, has taken the important role in a wide range of applications such as urban planning, natural hazards detection, environment monitoring,vegetation mapping, or geospatial object detection. During the past years, research community focusing on RSISC task has shown significant effort to publish diverse datasets as well as propose different approaches to deal with the RSISC challenges. Recently, almost proposed RSISC systems base on deep learning models which prove powerful and outperform traditional approaches using image processing and machine learning. In this paper, we also leverage the power of deep learning technology, evaluate a variety of deep neural network architectures, indicate main factors affecting the performance of a RSISC system. Given the comprehensive analysis, we propose a deep learning based framework for RSISC, which makes use of the transfer learning technique and multihead attention scheme. The proposed deep learning framework is evaluated on the benchmark NWPU-RESISC45 dataset and achieves the best classification accuracy of 94.7% which shows competitive to the state-of-the-art systems and potential for real-life applications.      
### 12.Deep reinforced active learning for multi-class image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13391.pdf)
>  High accuracy medical image classification can be limited by the costs of acquiring more data as well as the time and expertise needed to label existing images. In this paper, we apply active learning to medical image classification, a method which aims to maximise model performance on a minimal subset from a larger pool of data. We present a new active learning framework, based on deep reinforcement learning, to learn an active learning query strategy to label images based on predictions from a convolutional neural network. Our framework modifies the deep-Q network formulation, allowing us to pick data based additionally on geometric arguments in the latent space of the classifier, allowing for high accuracy multi-class classification in a batch-based active learning setting, enabling the agent to label datapoints that are both diverse and about which it is most uncertain. We apply our framework to two medical imaging datasets and compare with standard query strategies as well as the most recent reinforcement learning based active learning approach for image classification.      
### 13.A Comprehensive Survey on Video Saliency Detection with Auditory Information: the Audio-visual Consistency Perceptual is the Key!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13390.pdf)
>  Video saliency detection (VSD) aims at fast locating the most attractive objects/things/patterns in a given video clip. Existing VSD-related works have mainly relied on the visual system but paid less attention to the audio aspect, while, actually, our audio system is the most vital complementary part to our visual system. Also, audio-visual saliency detection (AVSD), one of the most representative research topics for mimicking human perceptual mechanisms, is currently in its infancy, and none of the existing survey papers have touched on it, especially from the perspective of saliency detection. Thus, the ultimate goal of this paper is to provide an extensive review to bridge the gap between audio-visual fusion and saliency detection. In addition, as another highlight of this review, we have provided a deep insight into key factors which could directly determine the performances of AVSD deep models, and we claim that the audio-visual consistency degree (AVC) -- a long-overlooked issue, can directly influence the effectiveness of using audio to benefit its visual counterpart when performing saliency detection. Moreover, in order to make the AVC issue more practical and valuable for future followers, we have newly equipped almost all existing publicly available AVSD datasets with additional frame-wise AVC labels. Based on these upgraded datasets, we have conducted extensive quantitative evaluations to ground our claim on the importance of AVC in the AVSD task. In a word, both our ideas and new sets serve as a convenient platform with preliminaries and guidelines, all of which are very potential to facilitate future works in promoting state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance further.      
### 14.UI Layers Merger: Merging UI layers via Visual Learning and Boundary Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13389.pdf)
>  With the fast-growing GUI development workload in the Internet industry, some work on intelligent methods attempted to generate maintainable front-end code from UI screenshots. It can be more suitable for utilizing UI design drafts that contain UI metadata. However, fragmented layers inevitably appear in the UI design drafts which greatly reduces the quality of code generation. None of the existing GUI automated techniques detects and merges the fragmented layers to improve the accessibility of generated code. In this paper, we propose UI Layers Merger (UILM), a vision-based method, which can automatically detect and merge fragmented layers into UI components. Our UILM contains Merging Area Detector (MAD) and a layers merging algorithm. MAD incorporates the boundary prior knowledge to accurately detect the boundaries of UI components. Then, the layers merging algorithm can search out the associated layers within the components' boundaries and merge them into a whole part. We present a dynamic data augmentation approach to boost the performance of MAD. We also construct a large-scale UI dataset for training the MAD and testing the performance of UILM. The experiment shows that the proposed method outperforms the best baseline regarding merging area detection and achieves a decent accuracy regarding layers merging.      
### 15.Transform-Invariant Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification and Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13388.pdf)
>  This paper demonstrates that a simple modification of the variational autoencoder (VAE) formalism enables the method to identify and classify rotated and distorted digits. In particular, the conventional objective (cost) function employed during the training process of a VAE both quantifies the agreement between the input and output data records and ensures that the latent space representation of the input data record is statistically generated with an appropriate mean and standard deviation. After training, simulated data realizations are generated by decoding appropriate latent space points. Since, however, standard VAE:s trained on randomly rotated MNIST digits cannot reliably distinguish between different digit classes since the rotated input data is effectively compared to a similarly rotated output data record. In contrast, an alternative implementation in which the objective function compares the output associated with each rotated digit to a corresponding fixed unreferenced reference digit is shown here to discriminate accurately among the rotated digits in latent space even when the dimension of the latent space is 2 or 3.      
### 16.Automatic extraction of similar traffic scenes from large naturalistic datasets using the Hausdorff distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13386.pdf)
>  Recently, multiple naturalistic traffic datasets of human-driven trajectories have been published (e.g., highD, NGSim, and pNEUMA). These datasets have been used in studies that investigate variability in human driving behavior, for example for scenario-based validation of autonomous vehicle (AV) behavior, modeling driver behavior, or validating driver models. Thus far, these studies focused on the variability on an operational level (e.g., velocity profiles during a lane change), not on a tactical level (i.e., to change lanes or not). Investigating the variability on both levels is necessary to develop driver models and AVs that include multiple tactical behaviors. To expose multi-level variability, the human responses to the same traffic scene could be investigated. However, no method exists to automatically extract similar scenes from datasets. Here, we present a four-step extraction method that uses the Hausdorff distance, a mathematical distance metric for sets. We performed a case study on the highD dataset that showed that the method is practically applicable. The human responses to the selected scenes exposed the variability on both the tactical and operational levels. With this new method, the variability in operational and tactical human behavior can be investigated, without the need for costly and time-consuming driving-simulator experiments.      
### 17.Mushroom image recognition and distance generation based on attention-mechanism model and genetic information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13383.pdf)
>  The species identification of Macrofungi, i.e. mushrooms, has always been a challenging task. There are still a large number of poisonous mushrooms that have not been found, which poses a risk to people's life. However, the traditional identification method requires a large number of experts with knowledge in the field of taxonomy for manual identification, it is not only inefficient but also consumes a lot of manpower and capital costs. In this paper, we propose a new model based on attention-mechanism, MushroomNet, which applies the lightweight network MobileNetV3 as the backbone model, combined with the attention structure proposed by us, and has achieved excellent performance in the mushroom recognition task. On the public dataset, the test accuracy of the MushroomNet model has reached 83.9%, and on the local dataset, the test accuracy has reached 77.4%. The proposed attention mechanisms well focused attention on the bodies of mushroom image for mixed channel attention and the attention heat maps visualized by Grad-CAM. Further, in this study, genetic distance was added to the mushroom image recognition task, the genetic distance was used as the representation space, and the genetic distance between each pair of mushroom species in the dataset was used as the embedding of the genetic distance representation space, so as to predict the image distance and species. identify. We found that using the MES activation function can predict the genetic distance of mushrooms very well, but the accuracy is lower than that of SoftMax. The proposed MushroomNet was demonstrated it shows great potential for automatic and online mushroom image and the proposed automatic procedure would assist and be a reference to traditional mushroom classification.      
### 18.TextDCT: Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection via Discrete Cosine Transform Mask  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13381.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-shaped scene text detection is a challenging task due to the variety of text changes in font, size, color, and orientation. Most existing regression based methods resort to regress the masks or contour points of text regions to model the text instances. However, regressing the complete masks requires high training complexity, and contour points are not sufficient to capture the details of highly curved texts. To tackle the above limitations, we propose a novel light-weight anchor-free text detection framework called TextDCT, which adopts the discrete cosine transform (DCT) to encode the text masks as compact vectors. Further, considering the imbalanced number of training samples among pyramid layers, we only employ a single-level head for top-down prediction. To model the multi-scale texts in a single-level head, we introduce a novel positive sampling strategy by treating the shrunk text region as positive samples, and design a feature awareness module (FAM) for spatial-awareness and scale-awareness by fusing rich contextual information and focusing on more significant features. Moreover, we propose a segmented non-maximum suppression (S-NMS) method that can filter low-quality mask regressions. Extensive experiments are conducted on four challenging datasets, which demonstrate our TextDCT obtains competitive performance on both accuracy and efficiency. Specifically, TextDCT achieves F-measure of 85.1 at 17.2 frames per second (FPS) and F-measure of 84.9 at 15.1 FPS for CTW1500 and Total-Text datasets, respectively.      
### 19.iExam: A Novel Online Exam Monitoring and Analysis System Based on Face Detection and Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13356.pdf)
>  Online exams via video conference software like Zoom have been adopted in many schools due to COVID-19. While it is convenient, it is challenging for teachers to supervise online exams from simultaneously displayed student Zoom windows. In this paper, we propose iExam, an intelligent online exam monitoring and analysis system that can not only use face detection to assist invigilators in real-time student identification, but also be able to detect common abnormal behaviors (including face disappearing, rotating faces, and replacing with a different person during the exams) via a face recognition-based post-exam video analysis. To build such a novel system in its first kind, we overcome three challenges. First, we discover a lightweight approach to capturing exam video streams and analyzing them in real time. Second, we utilize the left-corner names that are displayed on each student's Zoom window and propose an improved OCR (optical character recognition) technique to automatically gather the ground truth for the student faces with dynamic positions. Third, we perform several experimental comparisons and optimizations to efficiently shorten the training and testing time required on teachers' PC. Our evaluation shows that iExam achieves high accuracy, 90.4% for real-time face detection and 98.4% for post-exam face recognition, while maintaining acceptable runtime performance. We have made iExam's source code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VPRLab/iExam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Distributional Gaussian Processes Layers for Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13346.pdf)
>  Machine learning models deployed on medical imaging tasks must be equipped with out-of-distribution detection capabilities in order to avoid erroneous predictions. It is unsure whether out-of-distribution detection models reliant on deep neural networks are suitable for detecting domain shifts in medical imaging. Gaussian Processes can reliably separate in-distribution data points from out-of-distribution data points via their mathematical construction. Hence, we propose a parameter efficient Bayesian layer for hierarchical convolutional Gaussian Processes that incorporates Gaussian Processes operating in Wasserstein-2 space to reliably propagate uncertainty. This directly replaces convolving Gaussian Processes with a distance-preserving affine operator on distributions. Our experiments on brain tissue-segmentation show that the resulting architecture approaches the performance of well-established deterministic segmentation algorithms (U-Net), which has not been achieved with previous hierarchical Gaussian Processes. Moreover, by applying the same segmentation model to out-of-distribution data (i.e., images with pathology such as brain tumors), we show that our uncertainty estimates result in out-of-distribution detection that outperforms the capabilities of previous Bayesian networks and reconstruction-based approaches that learn normative distributions. To facilitate future work our code is publicly available.      
### 21.Open Set Classification of Untranscribed Handwritten Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13342.pdf)
>  Huge amounts of digital page images of important manuscripts are preserved in archives worldwide. The amounts are so large that it is generally unfeasible for archivists to adequately tag most of the documents with the required metadata so as to low proper organization of the archives and effective exploration by scholars and the general public. The class or ``typology'' of a document is perhaps the most important tag to be included in the metadata. The technical problem is one of automatic classification of documents, each consisting of a set of untranscribed handwritten text images, by the textual contents of the images. The approach considered is based on ``probabilistic indexing'', a relatively novel technology which allows to effectively represent the intrinsic word-level uncertainty exhibited by handwritten text images. We assess the performance of this approach on a large collection of complex notarial manuscripts from the Spanish Archivo Hostórico Provincial de Cádiz, with promising results.      
### 22.Prior-Guided One-shot Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13329.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search methods seek optimal candidates with efficient weight-sharing supernet training. However, recent studies indicate poor ranking consistency about the performance between stand-alone architectures and shared-weight networks. In this paper, we present Prior-Guided One-shot NAS (PGONAS) to strengthen the ranking correlation of supernets. Specifically, we first explore the effect of activation functions and propose a balanced sampling strategy based on the Sandwich Rule to alleviate weight coupling in the supernet. Then, FLOPs and Zen-Score are adopted to guide the training of supernet with ranking correlation loss. Our PGONAS ranks 3rd place in the supernet Track Track of CVPR2022 Second lightweight NAS challenge. Code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pprp/CVPR2022-NAS?competition-Track1-3th-solution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Key-frame Guided Network for Thyroid Nodule Recognition using Ultrasound Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13318.pdf)
>  Ultrasound examination is widely used in the clinical diagnosis of thyroid nodules (benign/malignant). However, the accuracy relies heavily on radiologist experience. Although deep learning techniques have been investigated for thyroid nodules recognition. Current solutions are mainly based on static ultrasound images, with limited temporal information used and inconsistent with clinical diagnosis. This paper proposes a novel method for the automated recognition of thyroid nodules through an exhaustive exploration of ultrasound videos and key-frames. We first propose a detection-localization framework to automatically identify the clinical key-frames with typical nodules in each ultrasound video. Based on the localized key-frames, we develop a key-frame guided video classification model for thyroid nodule recognition. Besides, we introduce motion attention module to help network focus on significant frames in an ultrasound video, which is consistent with clinical diagnosis. The proposed thyroid nodule recognition framework is validated on clinically collected ultrasound videos, demonstrating superior performance compared with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.Automatic identification of segmentation errors for radiotherapy using geometric learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13317.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of organs-at-risk (OARs) in CT scans using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is being introduced into the radiotherapy workflow. However, these segmentations still require manual editing and approval by clinicians prior to clinical use, which can be time consuming. The aim of this work was to develop a tool to automatically identify errors in 3D OAR segmentations without a ground truth. Our tool uses a novel architecture combining a CNN and graph neural network (GNN) to leverage the segmentation's appearance and shape. The proposed model is trained using self-supervised learning using a synthetically-generated dataset of segmentations of the parotid and with realistic contouring errors. The effectiveness of our model is assessed with ablation tests, evaluating the efficacy of different portions of the architecture as well as the use of transfer learning from an unsupervised pretext task. Our best performing model predicted errors on the parotid gland with a precision of 85.0% &amp; 89.7% for internal and external errors respectively, and recall of 66.5% &amp; 68.6%. This offline QA tool could be used in the clinical pathway, potentially decreasing the time clinicians spend correcting contours by detecting regions which require their attention. All our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rrr-uom-projects/contour_auto_QATool" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.PARTICUL: Part Identification with Confidence measure using Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13304.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present PARTICUL, a novel algorithm for unsupervised learning of part detectors from datasets used in fine-grained recognition. It exploits the macro-similarities of all images in the training set in order to mine for recurring patterns in the feature space of a pre-trained convolutional neural network. We propose new objective functions enforcing the locality and unicity of the detected parts. Additionally, we embed our detectors with a confidence measure based on correlation scores, allowing the system to estimate the visibility of each part. We apply our method on two public fine-grained datasets (Caltech-UCSD Bird 200 and Stanford Cars) and show that our detectors can consistently highlight parts of the object while providing a good measure of the confidence in their prediction. We also demonstrate that these detectors can be directly used to build part-based fine-grained classifiers that provide a good compromise between the transparency of prototype-based approaches and the performance of non-interpretable methods.      
### 26.Consistency-preserving Visual Question Answering in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13296.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) models take an image and a natural-language question as input and infer the answer to the question. Recently, VQA systems in medical imaging have gained popularity thanks to potential advantages such as patient engagement and second opinions for clinicians. While most research efforts have been focused on improving architectures and overcoming data-related limitations, answer consistency has been overlooked even though it plays a critical role in establishing trustworthy models. In this work, we propose a novel loss function and corresponding training procedure that allows the inclusion of relations between questions into the training process. Specifically, we consider the case where implications between perception and reasoning questions are known a-priori. To show the benefits of our approach, we evaluate it on the clinically relevant task of Diabetic Macular Edema (DME) staging from fundus imaging. Our experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art baselines, not only by improving model consistency, but also in terms of overall model accuracy. Our code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sergiotasconmorales/consistency_vqa" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.LaRa: Latents and Rays for Multi-Camera Bird's-Eye-View Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13294.pdf)
>  Recent works in autonomous driving have widely adopted the bird's-eye-view (BEV) semantic map as an intermediate representation of the world. Online prediction of these BEV maps involves non-trivial operations such as multi-camera data extraction as well as fusion and projection into a common top-view grid. This is usually done with error-prone geometric operations (e.g., homography or back-projection from monocular depth estimation) or expensive direct dense mapping between image pixels and pixels in BEV (e.g., with MLP or attention). In this work, we present 'LaRa', an efficient encoder-decoder, transformer-based model for vehicle semantic segmentation from multiple cameras. Our approach uses a system of cross-attention to aggregate information over multiple sensors into a compact, yet rich, collection of latent representations. These latent representations, after being processed by a series of self-attention blocks, are then reprojected with a second cross-attention in the BEV space. We demonstrate that our model outperforms on nuScenes the best previous works using transformers.      
### 28.Monocular Depth Estimation for Semi-Transparent Volume Renderings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13282.pdf)
>  Neural networks have shown great success in extracting geometric information from color images. Especially, monocular depth estimation networks are increasingly reliable in real-world scenes. In this work we investigate the applicability of such monocular depth estimation networks to semi-transparent volume rendered images. As depth is notoriously difficult to define in a volumetric scene without clearly defined surfaces, we consider different depth computations that have emerged in practice, and compare state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation approaches for these different interpretations during an evaluation considering different degrees of opacity in the renderings. Additionally, we investigate how these networks can be extended to further obtain color and opacity information, in order to create a layered representation of the scene based on a single color image. This layered representation consists of spatially separated semi-transparent intervals that composite to the original input rendering. In our experiments we show that adaptions of existing approaches to monocular depth estimation perform well on semi-transparent volume renderings, which has several applications in the area of scientific visualization.      
### 29.Learning with Weak Annotations for Robust Maritime Obstacle Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13263.pdf)
>  Robust maritime obstacle detection is crucial for safe navigation of autonomous boats and timely collision avoidance. The current state-of-the-art is based on deep segmentation networks trained on large datasets. Per-pixel ground truth labeling of such datasets, however, is labor-intensive and expensive. We propose a new scaffolding learning regime (SLR), that leverages weak annotations consisting of water edge, horizon and obstacle bounding boxes to train segmentation-based obstacle detection networks, and thus reduces the required ground truth labelling effort by twenty-fold. SLR trains an initial model from weak annotations, then alternates between re-estimating the segmentation pseudo labels and improving the network parameters. Experiments show that maritime obstacle segmentation networks trained using SLR on weak labels not only match, but outperform the same networks trained with dense ground truth labels, which is a remarkable result. In addition to increased accuracy, SLR also increases domain generalization and can be used for domain adaptation with a low manual annotation load. The code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lojzezust/SLR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 30.MGNet: Monocular Geometric Scene Understanding for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13199.pdf)
>  We introduce MGNet, a multi-task framework for monocular geometric scene understanding. We define monocular geometric scene understanding as the combination of two known tasks: Panoptic segmentation and self-supervised monocular depth estimation. Panoptic segmentation captures the full scene not only semantically, but also on an instance basis. Self-supervised monocular depth estimation uses geometric constraints derived from the camera measurement model in order to measure depth from monocular video sequences only. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to propose the combination of these two tasks in one single model. Our model is designed with focus on low latency to provide fast inference in real-time on a single consumer-grade GPU. During deployment, our model produces dense 3D point clouds with instance aware semantic labels from single high-resolution camera images. We evaluate our model on two popular autonomous driving benchmarks, i.e., Cityscapes and KITTI, and show competitive performance among other real-time capable methods. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/markusschoen/MGNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Self-supervised Learning in Remote Sensing: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13188.pdf)
>  In deep learning research, self-supervised learning (SSL) has received great attention triggering interest within both the computer vision and remote sensing communities. While there has been a big success in computer vision, most of the potential of SSL in the domain of earth observation remains locked. In this paper, we provide an introduction to, and a review of the concepts and latest developments in SSL for computer vision in the context of remote sensing. Further, we provide a preliminary benchmark of modern SSL algorithms on popular remote sensing datasets, verifying the potential of SSL in remote sensing and providing an extended study on data augmentations. Finally, we identify a list of promising directions of future research in SSL for earth observation (SSL4EO) to pave the way for fruitful interaction of both domains.      
### 32.Kernel Attention Transformer (KAT) for Histopathology Whole Slide Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13156.pdf)
>  Transformer has been widely used in histopathology whole slide image (WSI) classification for the purpose of tumor grading, prognosis analysis, etc. However, the design of token-wise self-attention and positional embedding strategy in the common Transformer limits the effectiveness and efficiency in the application to gigapixel histopathology images. In this paper, we propose a kernel attention Transformer (KAT) for histopathology WSI classification. The information transmission of the tokens is achieved by cross-attention between the tokens and a set of kernels related to a set of positional anchors on the WSI. Compared to the common Transformer structure, the proposed KAT can better describe the hierarchical context information of the local regions of the WSI and meanwhile maintains a lower computational complexity. The proposed method was evaluated on a gastric dataset with 2040 WSIs and an endometrial dataset with 2560 WSIs, and was compared with 6 state-of-the-art methods. The experimental results have demonstrated the proposed KAT is effective and efficient in the task of histopathology WSI classification and is superior to the state-of-the-art methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhengyushan/kat" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Bi-VLDoc: Bidirectional Vision-Language Modeling for Visually-Rich Document Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13155.pdf)
>  Multi-modal document pre-trained models have proven to be very effective in a variety of visually-rich document understanding (VrDU) tasks. Though existing document pre-trained models have achieved excellent performance on standard benchmarks for VrDU, the way they model and exploit the interactions between vision and language on documents has hindered them from better generalization ability and higher accuracy. In this work, we investigate the problem of vision-language joint representation learning for VrDU mainly from the perspective of supervisory signals. Specifically, a pre-training paradigm called Bi-VLDoc is proposed, in which a bidirectional vision-language supervision strategy and a vision-language hybrid-attention mechanism are devised to fully explore and utilize the interactions between these two modalities, to learn stronger cross-modal document representations with richer semantics. Benefiting from the learned informative cross-modal document representations, Bi-VLDoc significantly advances the state-of-the-art performance on three widely-used document understanding benchmarks, including Form Understanding (from 85.14% to 93.44%), Receipt Information Extraction (from 96.01% to 97.84%), and Document Classification (from 96.08% to 97.12%). On Document Visual QA, Bi-VLDoc achieves the state-of-the-art performance compared to previous single model methods.      
### 34.Spatio-temporal motion completion using a sequence of latent primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13142.pdf)
>  We propose a markerless performance capture method that computes a temporally coherent 4D representation of an actor deforming over time from a sparsely sampled sequence of untracked 3D point clouds. Our method proceeds by latent optimization with a spatio-temporal motion prior. <br>Recently, task generic motion priors have been introduced and propose a coherent representation of human motion based on a single latent code, with encouraging results with short sequences and given temporal correspondences. Extending these methods to longer sequences without correspondences is all but straightforward. One latent code proves inefficient to encode longer term variability, and latent space optimization will be very susceptible to erroneous local minima due to possible inverted pose fittings. <br>We address both problems by learning a motion prior that encodes a 4D human motion sequence into a sequence of latent primitives instead of one latent code. We also propose an additional mapping encoder which directly projects a sequence of point clouds into the learned latent space to provide a good initialization of the latent representation at inference time. Our temporal decoding from latent space is implicit and continuous in time, providing flexibility with temporal resolution. We show experimentally that our method outperforms state-of-the-art motion priors.      
### 35.SARNet: Semantic Augmented Registration of Large-Scale Urban Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13117.pdf)
>  Registering urban point clouds is a quite challenging task due to the large-scale, noise and data incompleteness of LiDAR scanning data. In this paper, we propose SARNet, a novel semantic augmented registration network aimed at achieving efficient registration of urban point clouds at city scale. Different from previous methods that construct correspondences only in the point-level space, our approach fully exploits semantic features as assistance to improve registration accuracy. Specifically, we extract per-point semantic labels with advanced semantic segmentation networks and build a prior semantic part-to-part correspondence. Then we incorporate the semantic information into a learning-based registration pipeline, consisting of three core modules: a semantic-based farthest point sampling module to efficiently filter out outliers and dynamic objects; a semantic-augmented feature extraction module for learning more discriminative point descriptors; a semantic-refined transformation estimation module that utilizes prior semantic matching as a mask to refine point correspondences by reducing false matching for better convergence. We evaluate the proposed SARNet extensively by using real-world data from large regions of urban scenes and comparing it with alternative methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WinterCodeForEverything/SARNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Lesion-Aware Contrastive Representation Learning for Histopathology Whole Slide Images Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13115.pdf)
>  Local representation learning has been a key challenge to promote the performance of the histopathological whole slide images analysis. The previous representation learning methods followed the supervised learning paradigm. However, manual annotation for large-scale WSIs is time-consuming and labor-intensive. Hence, the self-supervised contrastive learning has recently attracted intensive attention. The present contrastive learning methods treat each sample as a single class, which suffers from class collision problems, especially in the domain of histopathology image analysis. In this paper, we proposed a novel contrastive representation learning framework named Lesion-Aware Contrastive Learning (LACL) for histopathology whole slide image analysis. We built a lesion queue based on the memory bank structure to store the representations of different classes of WSIs, which allowed the contrastive model to selectively define the negative pairs during the training. Moreover, We designed a queue refinement strategy to purify the representations stored in the lesion queue. The experimental results demonstrate that LACL achieves the best performance in histopathology image representation learning on different datasets, and outperforms state-of-the-art methods under different WSI classification benchmarks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/junl21/lacl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.PST: Plant Segmentation Transformer Enhanced Phenotyping of MLS Oilseed Rape Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13082.pdf)
>  Segmentation of plant point clouds to obtain high-precise morphological traits is essential for plant phenotyping and crop breeding. Although the bloom of deep learning methods has boosted much research on the segmentation of plant point cloud, most works follow the common practice of hard voxelization-based or down-sampling-based methods. They are limited to segmenting simple plant organs, overlooking the difficulties of resolving complex plant point clouds with high spatial resolution. In this study, we propose a deep learning network plant segmentation transformer (PST) to realize the semantic and instance segmentation of MLS (Mobile Laser Scanning) oilseed rape point cloud, which characterizes tiny siliques and dense points as the main traits targeted. PST is composed of: (i) a dynamic voxel feature encoder (DVFE) to aggregate per point features with raw spatial resolution; (ii) dual window sets attention block to capture the contextual information; (iii) a dense feature propagation module to obtain the final dense point feature map. The results proved that PST and PST-PointGroup (PG) achieved state-of-the-art performance in semantic and instance segmentation tasks. For semantic segmentation, PST reached 93.96%, 97.29%, 96.52%, 96.88%, and 97.07% in mean IoU, mean Precision, mean Recall, mean F1-score, and overall accuracy, respectively. For instance segmentation, PST-PG reached 89.51%, 89.85%, 88.83% and 82.53% in mCov, mWCov, mPerc90, and mRec90, respectively. This study extends the phenotyping of oilseed rape in an end-to-end way and proves that the deep learning method has a great potential for understanding dense plant point clouds with complex morphological traits.      
### 38.Dynamic Bank Learning for Semi-supervised Federated Image Diagnosis with Class Imbalance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13079.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress on semi-supervised federated learning (FL) for medical image diagnosis, the problem of imbalanced class distributions among unlabeled clients is still unsolved for real-world use. In this paper, we study a practical yet challenging problem of class imbalanced semi-supervised FL (imFed-Semi), which allows all clients to have only unlabeled data while the server just has a small amount of labeled data. This imFed-Semi problem is addressed by a novel dynamic bank learning scheme, which improves client training by exploiting class proportion information. This scheme consists of two parts, i.e., the dynamic bank construction to distill various class proportions for each local client, and the sub-bank classification to impose the local model to learn different class proportions. We evaluate our approach on two public real-world medical datasets, including the intracranial hemorrhage diagnosis with 25,000 CT slices and skin lesion diagnosis with 10,015 dermoscopy images. The effectiveness of our method has been validated with significant performance improvements (7.61% and 4.69%) compared with the second-best on the accuracy, as well as comprehensive analytical studies. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/med-air/imFedSemi" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Video2StyleGAN: Encoding Video in Latent Space for Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13078.pdf)
>  Many recent works have been proposed for face image editing by leveraging the latent space of pretrained GANs. However, few attempts have been made to directly apply them to videos, because 1) they do not guarantee temporal consistency, 2) their application is limited by their processing speed on videos, and 3) they cannot accurately encode details of face motion and expression. To this end, we propose a novel network to encode face videos into the latent space of StyleGAN for semantic face video manipulation. Based on the vision transformer, our network reuses the high-resolution portion of the latent vector to enforce temporal consistency. To capture subtle face motions and expressions, we design novel losses that involve sparse facial landmarks and dense 3D face mesh. We have thoroughly evaluated our approach and successfully demonstrated its application to various face video manipulations. Particularly, we propose a novel network for pose/expression control in a 3D coordinate system. Both qualitative and quantitative results have shown that our approach can significantly outperform existing single image methods, while achieving real-time (66 fps) speed.      
### 40.SearchMorph:Multi-scale Correlation Iterative Network for Deformable Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13076.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration provides dynamic information about the image and is essential in medical image analysis. However, due to the different characteristics of single-temporal brain MR images and multi-temporal echocardiograms, it is difficult to accurately register them using the same algorithm or model. We propose an unsupervised multi-scale correlation iterative registration network (SearchMorph), and the model has three highlights. (1)We introduced cost volumes to strengthen feature correlations and constructed correlation pyramids to complement multi-scale correlation information. (2) We designed the search module to search for the registration of features in multi-scale pyramids. (3) We use the GRU module for iterative refinement of the deformation field. The proposed network in this paper shows leadership in common single-temporal registration tasks and solves multi-temporal motion estimation tasks. The experimental results show that our proposed method achieves higher registration accuracy and a lower folding point ratio than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 41.A Strategy Optimized Pix2pix Approach for SAR-to-Optical Image Translation Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13042.pdf)
>  This technical report summarizes the analysis and approach on the image-to-image translation task in the Multimodal Learning for Earth and Environment Challenge (MultiEarth 2022). In terms of strategy optimization, cloud classification is utilized to filter optical images with dense cloud coverage to aid the supervised learning alike approach. The commonly used pix2pix framework with a few optimizations is applied to build the model. A weighted combination of mean squared error and mean absolute error is incorporated in the loss function. As for evaluation, peak to signal ratio and structural similarity were both considered in our preliminary analysis. Lastly, our method achieved the second place with a final error score of 0.0412. The results indicate great potential towards SAR-to-optical translation in remote sensing tasks, specifically for the support of long-term environmental monitoring and protection.      
### 42.Multi-Scale Spatial Temporal Graph Convolutional Network for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13028.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks have been widely used for skeleton-based action recognition due to their excellent modeling ability of non-Euclidean data. As the graph convolution is a local operation, it can only utilize the short-range joint dependencies and short-term trajectory but fails to directly model the distant joints relations and long-range temporal information that are vital to distinguishing various actions. To solve this problem, we present a multi-scale spatial graph convolution (MS-GC) module and a multi-scale temporal graph convolution (MT-GC) module to enrich the receptive field of the model in spatial and temporal dimensions. Concretely, the MS-GC and MT-GC modules decompose the corresponding local graph convolution into a set of sub-graph convolution, forming a hierarchical residual architecture. Without introducing additional parameters, the features will be processed with a series of sub-graph convolutions, and each node could complete multiple spatial and temporal aggregations with its neighborhoods. The final equivalent receptive field is accordingly enlarged, which is capable of capturing both short- and long-range dependencies in spatial and temporal domains. By coupling these two modules as a basic block, we further propose a multi-scale spatial temporal graph convolutional network (MST-GCN), which stacks multiple blocks to learn effective motion representations for action recognition. The proposed MST-GCN achieves remarkable performance on three challenging benchmark datasets, NTU RGB+D, NTU-120 RGB+D and Kinetics-Skeleton, for skeleton-based action recognition.      
### 43.Automatic Generation of Product-Image Sequence in E-commerce  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12994.pdf)
>  Product images are essential for providing desirable user experience in an e-commerce platform. For a platform with billions of products, it is extremely time-costly and labor-expensive to manually pick and organize qualified images. Furthermore, there are the numerous and complicated image rules that a product image needs to comply in order to be generated/selected. To address these challenges, in this paper, we present a new learning framework in order to achieve Automatic Generation of Product-Image Sequence (AGPIS) in e-commerce. To this end, we propose a Multi-modality Unified Image-sequence Classifier (MUIsC), which is able to simultaneously detect all categories of rule violations through learning. MUIsC leverages textual review feedback as the additional training target and utilizes product textual description to provide extra semantic information. Based on offline evaluations, we show that the proposed MUIsC significantly outperforms various baselines. Besides MUIsC, we also integrate some other important modules in the proposed framework, such as primary image selection, noncompliant content detection, and image deduplication. With all these modules, our framework works effectively and efficiently in <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://JD.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> recommendation platform. By Dec 2021, our AGPIS framework has generated high-standard images for about 1.5 million products and achieves 13.6% in reject rate.      
### 44.VLCap: Vision-Language with Contrastive Learning for Coherent Video Paragraph Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12972.pdf)
>  In this paper, we leverage the human perceiving process, that involves vision and language interaction, to generate a coherent paragraph description of untrimmed videos. We propose vision-language (VL) features consisting of two modalities, i.e., (i) vision modality to capture global visual content of the entire scene and (ii) language modality to extract scene elements description of both human and non-human objects (e.g. animals, vehicles, etc), visual and non-visual elements (e.g. relations, activities, etc). Furthermore, we propose to train our proposed VLCap under a contrastive learning VL loss. The experiments and ablation studies on ActivityNet Captions and YouCookII datasets show that our VLCap outperforms existing SOTA methods on both accuracy and diversity metrics.      
### 45.Self-Healing Robust Neural Networks via Closed-Loop Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12963.pdf)
>  Despite the wide applications of neural networks, there have been increasing concerns about their vulnerability issue. While numerous attack and defense techniques have been developed, this work investigates the robustness issue from a new angle: can we design a self-healing neural network that can automatically detect and fix the vulnerability issue by itself? A typical self-healing mechanism is the immune system of a human body. This biology-inspired idea has been used in many engineering designs but is rarely investigated in deep learning. This paper considers the post-training self-healing of a neural network, and proposes a closed-loop control formulation to automatically detect and fix the errors caused by various attacks or perturbations. We provide a margin-based analysis to explain how this formulation can improve the robustness of a classifier. To speed up the inference of the proposed self-healing network, we solve the control problem via improving the Pontryagin Maximum Principle-based solver. Lastly, we present an error estimation of the proposed framework for neural networks with nonlinear activation functions. We validate the performance on several network architectures against various perturbations. Since the self-healing method does not need a-priori information about data perturbations/attacks, it can handle a broad class of unforeseen perturbations.      
### 46.Probabilistic PolarGMM: Unsupervised Cluster Learning of Very Noisy Projection Images of Unknown Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12959.pdf)
>  A crucial step in single particle analysis (SPA) of cryogenic electron microscopy (Cryo-EM), 2D classification and alignment takes a collection of noisy particle images to infer orientations and group similar images together. Averaging these aligned and clustered noisy images produces a set of clean images, ready for further analysis such as 3D reconstruction. Fourier-Bessel steerable principal component analysis (FBsPCA) enables an efficient, adaptable, low-rank rotation operator. We extend the FBsPCA to additionally handle translations. In this extended FBsPCA representation, we use a probabilistic polar-coordinate Gaussian mixture model to learn soft clusters in an unsupervised fashion using an expectation maximization (EM) algorithm. The obtained rotational clusters are thus additionally robust to the presence of pairwise alignment imperfections. Multiple benchmarks from simulated Cryo-EM datasets show probabilistic PolarGMM's improved performance in comparisons with standard single-particle Cryo-EM tools, EMAN2 and RELION, in terms of various clustering metrics and alignment errors.      
### 47.Szloca: towards a framework for full 3D tracking through a single camera in context of interactive arts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12958.pdf)
>  Realtime virtual data of objects and human presence in a large area holds a valuable key in enabling many experiences and applications in various industries and with exponential rise in the technological development of artificial intelligence, computer vision has expanded the possibilities of tracking and classifying things through just video inputs, which is also surpassing the limitations of most popular and common hardware setups known traditionally to detect human pose and position, such as low field of view and limited tracking capacity. The benefits of using computer vision in application development is large as it augments traditional input sources (like video streams) and can be integrated in many environments and platforms. In the context of new media interactive arts, based on physical movements and expanding over large areas or gallaries, this research presents a novel way and a framework towards obtaining data and virtual representation of objects/people - such as three-dimensional positions, skeltons/pose and masks from a single rgb camera. Looking at the state of art through some recent developments and building on prior research in the field of computer vision, the paper also proposes an original method to obtain three dimensional position data from monocular images, the model does not rely on complex training of computer vision systems but combines prior computer vision research and adds a capacity to represent z depth, ieto represent a world position in 3 axis from a 2d input source.      
### 48.Nonwatertight Mesh Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12952.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D non-watertight mesh from an unoriented point cloud is an unexplored area in computer vision and computer graphics. In this project, we tried to tackle this problem by extending the learning-based watertight mesh reconstruction pipeline presented in the paper 'Shape as Points'. The core of our approach is to cast the problem as a semantic segmentation problem that identifies the region in the 3D volume where the mesh surface lies and extracts the surfaces from the detected regions. Our approach achieves compelling results compared to the baseline techniques.      
### 49.AFT-VO: Asynchronous Fusion Transformers for Multi-View Visual Odometry Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12946.pdf)
>  Motion estimation approaches typically employ sensor fusion techniques, such as the Kalman Filter, to handle individual sensor failures. More recently, deep learning-based fusion approaches have been proposed, increasing the performance and requiring less model-specific implementations. However, current deep fusion approaches often assume that sensors are synchronised, which is not always practical, especially for low-cost hardware. To address this limitation, in this work, we propose AFT-VO, a novel transformer-based sensor fusion architecture to estimate VO from multiple sensors. Our framework combines predictions from asynchronous multi-view cameras and accounts for the time discrepancies of measurements coming from different sources. <br>Our approach first employs a Mixture Density Network (MDN) to estimate the probability distributions of the 6-DoF poses for every camera in the system. Then a novel transformer-based fusion module, AFT-VO, is introduced, which combines these asynchronous pose estimations, along with their confidences. More specifically, we introduce Discretiser and Source Encoding techniques which enable the fusion of multi-source asynchronous signals. <br>We evaluate our approach on the popular nuScenes and KITTI datasets. Our experiments demonstrate that multi-view fusion for VO estimation provides robust and accurate trajectories, outperforming the state of the art in both challenging weather and lighting conditions.      
### 50.Multi-view Feature Augmentation with Adaptive Class Activation Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12943.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end-trainable feature augmentation module built for image classification that extracts and exploits multi-view local features to boost model performance. Different from using global average pooling (GAP) to extract vectorized features from only the global view, we propose to sample and ensemble diverse multi-view local features to improve model robustness. To sample class-representative local features, we incorporate a simple auxiliary classifier head (comprising only one 1$\times$1 convolutional layer) which efficiently and adaptively attends to class-discriminative local regions of feature maps via our proposed AdaCAM (Adaptive Class Activation Mapping). Extensive experiments demonstrate consistent and noticeable performance gains achieved by our multi-view feature augmentation module.      
### 51.SVBR-NET: A Non-Blind Spatially Varying Defocus Blur Removal Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12930.pdf)
>  Defocus blur is a physical consequence of the optical sensors used in most cameras. Although it can be used as a photographic style, it is commonly viewed as an image degradation modeled as the convolution of a sharp image with a spatially-varying blur kernel. Motivated by the advance of blur estimation methods in the past years, we propose a non-blind approach for image deblurring that can deal with spatially-varying kernels. We introduce two encoder-decoder sub-networks that are fed with the blurry image and the estimated blur map, respectively, and produce as output the deblurred (deconvolved) image. Each sub-network presents several skip connections that allow data propagation from layers spread apart, and also inter-subnetwork skip connections that ease the communication between the modules. The network is trained with synthetically blur kernels that are augmented to emulate blur maps produced by existing blur estimation methods, and our experimental results show that our method works well when combined with a variety of blur estimation methods.      
### 52.Vision Transformer for Contrastive Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12925.pdf)
>  Vision Transformer (ViT) has shown its advantages over the convolutional neural network (CNN) with its ability to capture global long-range dependencies for visual representation learning. Besides ViT, contrastive learning is another popular research topic recently. While previous contrastive learning works are mostly based on CNNs, some latest studies have attempted to jointly model the ViT and the contrastive learning for enhanced self-supervised learning. Despite the considerable progress, these combinations of ViT and contrastive learning mostly focus on the instance-level contrastiveness, which often overlook the contrastiveness of the global clustering structures and also lack the ability to directly learn the clustering result (e.g., for images). In view of this, this paper presents an end-to-end deep image clustering approach termed Vision Transformer for Contrastive Clustering (VTCC), which for the first time, to the best of our knowledge, unifies the Transformer and the contrastive learning for the image clustering task. Specifically, with two random augmentations performed on each image in a mini-batch, we utilize a ViT encoder with two weight-sharing views as the backbone to learn the representations for the augmented samples. To remedy the potential instability of the ViT, we incorporate a convolutional stem, which uses multiple stacked small convolutions instead of a big convolution in the patch projection layer, to split each augmented sample into a sequence of patches. With representations learned via the backbone, an instance projector and a cluster projector are further utilized for the instance-level contrastive learning and the global clustering structure learning, respectively. Extensive experiments on eight image datasets demonstrate the stability (during the training-from-scratch) and the superiority (in clustering performance) of VTCC over the state-of-the-art.      
### 53.Video Activity Localisation with Uncertainties in Temporal Boundary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12923.pdf)
>  Current methods for video activity localisation over time assume implicitly that activity temporal boundaries labelled for model training are determined and precise. However, in unscripted natural videos, different activities mostly transit smoothly, so that it is intrinsically ambiguous to determine in labelling precisely when an activity starts and ends over time. Such uncertainties in temporal labelling are currently ignored in model training, resulting in learning mis-matched video-text correlation with poor generalisation in test. In this work, we solve this problem by introducing Elastic Moment Bounding (EMB) to accommodate flexible and adaptive activity temporal boundaries towards modelling universally interpretable video-text correlation with tolerance to underlying temporal uncertainties in pre-fixed annotations. Specifically, we construct elastic boundaries adaptively by mining and discovering frame-wise temporal endpoints that can maximise the alignment between video segments and query sentences. To enable both more robust matching (segment content attention) and more accurate localisation (segment elastic boundaries), we optimise the selection of frame-wise endpoints subject to segment-wise contents by a novel Guided Attention mechanism. Extensive experiments on three video activity localisation benchmarks demonstrate compellingly the EMB's advantages over existing methods without modelling uncertainty.      
### 54.Non-Parametric Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12921.pdf)
>  Recent feed-forward neural methods of arbitrary image style transfer mainly utilized encoded feature map upto its second-order statistics, i.e., linearly transformed the encoded feature map of a content image to have the same mean and variance (or covariance) of a target style feature map. In this work, we extend the second-order statistical feature matching into a general distribution matching based on the understanding that style of an image is represented by the distribution of responses from receptive fields. For this generalization, first, we propose a new feature transform layer that exactly matches the feature map distribution of content image into that of target style image. Second, we analyze the recent style losses consistent with our new feature transform layer to train a decoder network which generates a style transferred image from the transformed feature map. Based on our experimental results, it is proven that the stylized images obtained with our method are more similar with the target style images in all existing style measures without losing content clearness.      
### 55.Video Anomaly Detection via Prediction Network with Enhanced Spatio-Temporal Memory Exchange  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12914.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection is a challenging task because most anomalies are scarce and non-deterministic. Many approaches investigate the reconstruction difference between normal and abnormal patterns, but neglect that anomalies do not necessarily correspond to large reconstruction errors. To address this issue, we design a Convolutional LSTM Auto-Encoder prediction framework with enhanced spatio-temporal memory exchange using bi-directionalilty and a higher-order mechanism. The bi-directional structure promotes learning the temporal regularity through forward and backward predictions. The unique higher-order mechanism further strengthens spatial information interaction between the encoder and the decoder. Considering the limited receptive fields in Convolutional LSTMs, we also introduce an attention module to highlight informative features for prediction. Anomalies are eventually identified by comparing the frames with their corresponding predictions. Evaluations on three popular benchmarks show that our framework outperforms most existing prediction-based anomaly detection methods.      
### 56.Woodscape Fisheye Object Detection for Autonomous Driving -- CVPR 2022 OmniCV Workshop Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12912.pdf)
>  Object detection is a comprehensively studied problem in autonomous driving. However, it has been relatively less explored in the case of fisheye cameras. The strong radial distortion breaks the translation invariance inductive bias of Convolutional Neural Networks. Thus, we present the WoodScape fisheye object detection challenge for autonomous driving which was held as part of the CVPR 2022 Workshop on Omnidirectional Computer Vision (OmniCV). This is one of the first competitions focused on fisheye camera object detection. We encouraged the participants to design models which work natively on fisheye images without rectification. We used CodaLab to host the competition based on the publicly available WoodScape fisheye dataset. In this paper, we provide a detailed analysis on the competition which attracted the participation of 120 global teams and a total of 1492 submissions. We briefly discuss the details of the winning methods and analyze their qualitative and quantitative results.      
### 57.FingerGAN: A Constrained Fingerprint Generation Scheme for Latent Fingerprint Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12885.pdf)
>  Latent fingerprint enhancement is an essential pre-processing step for latent fingerprint identification. Most latent fingerprint enhancement methods try to restore corrupted gray ridges/valleys. In this paper, we propose a new method that formulates the latent fingerprint enhancement as a constrained fingerprint generation problem within a generative adversarial network (GAN) framework. We name the proposed network as FingerGAN. It can enforce its generated fingerprint (i.e, enhanced latent fingerprint) indistinguishable from the corresponding ground-truth instance in terms of the fingerprint skeleton map weighted by minutia locations and the orientation field regularized by the FOMFE model. Because minutia is the primary feature for fingerprint recognition and minutia can be retrieved directly from the fingerprint skeleton map, we offer a holistic framework which can perform latent fingerprint enhancement in the context of directly optimizing minutia information. This will help improve latent fingerprint identification performance significantly. Experimental results on two public latent fingerprint databases demonstrate that our method outperforms the state of the arts significantly. The codes will be available for non-commercial purposes from \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HubYZ/LatentEnhancement" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 58.Image Aesthetics Assessment Using Graph Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12869.pdf)
>  Aspect ratio and spatial layout are two of the principal factors determining the aesthetic value of a photograph. But, incorporating these into the traditional convolution-based frameworks for the task of image aesthetics assessment is problematic. The aspect ratio of the photographs gets distorted while they are resized/cropped to a fixed dimension to facilitate training batch sampling. On the other hand, the convolutional filters process information locally and are limited in their ability to model the global spatial layout of a photograph. In this work, we present a two-stage framework based on graph neural networks and address both these problems jointly. First, we propose a feature-graph representation in which the input image is modelled as a graph, maintaining its original aspect ratio and resolution. Second, we propose a graph neural network architecture that takes this feature-graph and captures the semantic relationship between the different regions of the input image using visual attention. Our experiments show that the proposed framework advances the state-of-the-art results in aesthetic score regression on the Aesthetic Visual Analysis (AVA) benchmark.      
### 59.Semantic Role Aware Correlation Transformer for Text to Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12849.pdf)
>  With the emergence of social media, voluminous video clips are uploaded every day, and retrieving the most relevant visual content with a language query becomes critical. Most approaches aim to learn a joint embedding space for plain textual and visual contents without adequately exploiting their intra-modality structures and inter-modality correlations. This paper proposes a novel transformer that explicitly disentangles the text and video into semantic roles of objects, spatial contexts and temporal contexts with an attention scheme to learn the intra- and inter-role correlations among the three roles to discover discriminative features for matching at different levels. The preliminary results on popular YouCook2 indicate that our approach surpasses a current state-of-the-art method, with a high margin in all metrics. It also overpasses two SOTA methods in terms of two metrics.      
### 60.RoME: Role-aware Mixture-of-Expert Transformer for Text-to-Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12845.pdf)
>  Seas of videos are uploaded daily with the popularity of social channels; thus, retrieving the most related video contents with user textual queries plays a more crucial role. Most methods consider only one joint embedding space between global visual and textual features without considering the local structures of each modality. Some other approaches consider multiple embedding spaces consisting of global and local features separately, ignoring rich inter-modality correlations. <br>We propose a novel mixture-of-expert transformer RoME that disentangles the text and the video into three levels; the roles of spatial contexts, temporal contexts, and object contexts. We utilize a transformer-based attention mechanism to fully exploit visual and text embeddings at both global and local levels with mixture-of-experts for considering inter-modalities and structures' correlations. The results indicate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the YouCook2 and MSR-VTT datasets, given the same visual backbone without pre-training. Finally, we conducted extensive ablation studies to elucidate our design choices.      
### 61.Perceptual Conversational Head Generation with Regularized Driver and Enhanced Renderer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12837.pdf)
>  This paper reports our solution for MultiMedia ViCo 2022 Conversational Head Generation Challenge, which aims to generate vivid face-to-face conversation videos based on audio and reference images. Our solution focuses on training a generalized audio-to-head driver using regularization and assembling a high visual quality renderer. We carefully tweak the audio-to-behavior model and post-process the generated video using our foreground-background fusion module. We get first place in the listening head generation track and second place in the talking head generation track in the official ranking. Our code will be released.      
### 62.Multiple Instance Learning with Mixed Supervision in Gleason Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12798.pdf)
>  With the development of computational pathology, deep learning methods for Gleason grading through whole slide images (WSIs) have excellent prospects. Since the size of WSIs is extremely large, the image label usually contains only slide-level label or limited pixel-level labels. The current mainstream approach adopts multi-instance learning to predict Gleason grades. However, some methods only considering the slide-level label ignore the limited pixel-level labels containing rich local information. Furthermore, the method of additionally considering the pixel-level labels ignores the inaccuracy of pixel-level labels. To address these problems, we propose a mixed supervision Transformer based on the multiple instance learning framework. The model utilizes both slide-level label and instance-level labels to achieve more accurate Gleason grading at the slide level. The impact of inaccurate instance-level labels is further reduced by introducing an efficient random masking strategy in the mixed supervision training process. We achieve the state-of-the-art performance on the SICAPv2 dataset, and the visual analysis shows the accurate prediction results of instance level. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bianhao123/Mixed_supervision" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.CTMQ: Cyclic Training of Convolutional Neural Networks with Multiple Quantization Steps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12794.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a training method having multiple cyclic training for achieving enhanced performance in low-bit quantized convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Quantization is a popular method for obtaining lightweight CNNs, where the initialization with a pretrained model is widely used to overcome degraded performance in low-resolution quantization. However, large quantization errors between real values and their low-bit quantized ones cause difficulties in achieving acceptable performance for complex networks and large datasets. The proposed training method softly delivers the knowledge of pretrained models to low-bit quantized models in multiple quantization steps. In each quantization step, the trained weights of a model are used to initialize the weights of the next model with the quantization bit depth reduced by one. With small change of the quantization bit depth, the performance gap can be bridged, thus providing better weight initialization. In cyclic training, after training a low-bit quantized model, its trained weights are used in the initialization of its accurate model to be trained. By using better training ability of the accurate model in an iterative manner, the proposed method can produce enhanced trained weights for the low-bit quantized model in each cycle. Notably, the training method can advance Top-1 and Top-5 accuracies of the binarized ResNet-18 on the ImageNet dataset by 5.80% and 6.85%, respectively.      
### 64.Knowledge Distillation with Representative Teacher Keys Based on Attention Mechanism for Image Classification Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12788.pdf)
>  With the improvement of AI chips (e.g., GPU, TPU, and NPU) and the fast development of internet of things (IoTs), some powerful deep neural networks (DNNs) are usually composed of millions or even hundreds of millions of parameters, which may not be suitable to be directly deployed on low computation and low capacity units (e.g., edge devices). Recently, knowledge distillation (KD) has been recognized as one of the effective method of model compression to decrease the model parameters. The main concept of KD is to extract useful information from the feature maps of a large model (i.e., teacher model) as a reference to successfully train a small model (i.e., student model) which model size is much smaller than the teacher one. Although many KD-based methods have been proposed to utilize the information from the feature maps of intermediate layers in teacher model, however, most of them did not consider the similarity of feature maps between teacher model and student model, which may let student model learn useless information. Inspired by attention mechanism, we propose a novel KD method called representative teacher key (RTK) that not only consider the similarity of feature maps but also filter out the useless information to improve the performance of the target student model. In the experiments, we validate our proposed method with several backbone networks (e.g., ResNet and WideResNet) and datasets (e.g., CIFAR10, CIFAR100, SVHN, and CINIC10). The results show that our proposed RTK can effectively improve the classification accuracy of the state-of-the-art attention-based KD method.      
### 65.Exploiting Transformation Invariance and Equivariance for Self-supervised Sound Localisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12772.pdf)
>  We present a simple yet effective self-supervised framework for audio-visual representation learning, to localize the sound source in videos. To understand what enables to learn useful representations, we systematically investigate the effects of data augmentations, and reveal that (1) composition of data augmentations plays a critical role, {\em i.e.}~explicitly encouraging the audio-visual representations to be invariant to various transformations~({\em transformation invariance}); (2) enforcing geometric consistency substantially improves the quality of learned representations, {\em i.e.}~the detected sound source should follow the same transformation applied on input video frames~({\em transformation equivariance}). Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model significantly outperforms previous methods on two sound localization benchmarks, namely, Flickr-SoundNet and VGG-Sound. Additionally, we also evaluate audio retrieval and cross-modal retrieval tasks. In both cases, our self-supervised models demonstrate superior retrieval performances, even competitive with the supervised approach in audio retrieval. This reveals the proposed framework learns strong multi-modal representations that are beneficial to sound localisation and generalization to further applications. \textit{All codes will be available}.      
### 66.Training Your Sparse Neural Network Better with Any Mask  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12755.pdf)
>  Pruning large neural networks to create high-quality, independently trainable sparse masks, which can maintain similar performance to their dense counterparts, is very desirable due to the reduced space and time complexity. As research effort is focused on increasingly sophisticated pruning methods that leads to sparse subnetworks trainable from the scratch, we argue for an orthogonal, under-explored theme: improving training techniques for pruned sub-networks, i.e. sparse training. Apart from the popular belief that only the quality of sparse masks matters for sparse training, in this paper we demonstrate an alternative opportunity: one can carefully customize the sparse training techniques to deviate from the default dense network training protocols, consisting of introducing ``ghost" neurons and skip connections at the early stage of training, and strategically modifying the initialization as well as labels. Our new sparse training recipe is generally applicable to improving training from scratch with various sparse masks. By adopting our newly curated techniques, we demonstrate significant performance gains across various popular datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, TinyImageNet), architectures (ResNet-18/32/104, Vgg16, MobileNet), and sparse mask options (lottery ticket, SNIP/GRASP, SynFlow, or even randomly pruning), compared to the default training protocols, especially at high sparsity levels. Code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/ToST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 67.Sequential image recovery using joint hierarchical Bayesian learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12745.pdf)
>  Recovering temporal image sequences (videos) based on indirect, noisy, or incomplete data is an essential yet challenging task. We specifically consider the case where each data set is missing vital information, which prevents the accurate recovery of the individual images. Although some recent (variational) methods have demonstrated high-resolution image recovery based on jointly recovering sequential images, there remain robustness issues due to parameter tuning and restrictions on the type of the sequential images. Here, we present a method based on hierarchical Bayesian learning for the joint recovery of sequential images that incorporates prior intra- and inter-image information. Our method restores the missing information in each image by "borrowing" it from the other images. As a result, \emph{all} of the individual reconstructions yield improved accuracy. Our method can be used for various data acquisitions and allows for uncertainty quantification. Some preliminary results indicate its potential use for sequential deblurring and magnetic resonance imaging.      
### 68.Multi Visual Modality Fall Detection Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12740.pdf)
>  Falls are one of the leading cause of injury-related deaths among the elderly worldwide. Effective detection of falls can reduce the risk of complications and injuries. Fall detection can be performed using wearable devices or ambient sensors; these methods may struggle with user compliance issues or false alarms. Video cameras provide a passive alternative; however, regular RGB cameras are impacted by changing lighting conditions and privacy concerns. From a machine learning perspective, developing an effective fall detection system is challenging because of the rarity and variability of falls. Many existing fall detection datasets lack important real-world considerations, such as varied lighting, continuous activities of daily living (ADLs), and camera placement. The lack of these considerations makes it difficult to develop predictive models that can operate effectively in the real world. To address these limitations, we introduce a novel multi-modality dataset (MUVIM) that contains four visual modalities: infra-red, depth, RGB and thermal cameras. These modalities offer benefits such as obfuscated facial features and improved performance in low-light conditions. We formulated fall detection as an anomaly detection problem, in which a customized spatio-temporal convolutional autoencoder was trained only on ADLs so that a fall would increase the reconstruction error. Our results showed that infra-red cameras provided the highest level of performance (AUC ROC=0.94), followed by thermal (AUC ROC=0.87), depth (AUC ROC=0.86) and RGB (AUC ROC=0.83). This research provides a unique opportunity to analyze the utility of camera modalities in detecting falls in a home setting while balancing performance, passiveness, and privacy.      
### 69.Self-Supervised 3D Monocular Object Detection by Recycling Bounding Boxes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12738.pdf)
>  Modern object detection architectures are moving towards employing self-supervised learning (SSL) to improve performance detection with related pretext tasks. Pretext tasks for monocular 3D object detection have not yet been explored yet in literature. The paper studies the application of established self-supervised bounding box recycling by labeling random windows as the pretext task. The classifier head of the 3D detector is trained to classify random windows containing different proportions of the ground truth objects, thus handling the foreground-background imbalance. We evaluate the pretext task using the RTM3D detection model as baseline, with and without the application of data augmentation. We demonstrate improvements of between 2-3 % in mAP 3D and 0.9-1.5 % BEV scores using SSL over the baseline scores. We propose the inverse class frequency re-weighted (ICFW) mAP score that highlights improvements in detection for low frequency classes in a class imbalanced dataset with long tails. We demonstrate improvements in ICFW both mAP 3D and BEV scores to take into account the class imbalance in the KITTI validation dataset. We see 4-5 % increase in ICFW metric with the pretext task.      
### 70.Empirical Evaluation of Physical Adversarial Patch Attacks Against Overhead Object Detection Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12725.pdf)
>  Adversarial patches are images designed to fool otherwise well-performing neural network-based computer vision models. Although these attacks were initially conceived of and studied digitally, in that the raw pixel values of the image were perturbed, recent work has demonstrated that these attacks can successfully transfer to the physical world. This can be accomplished by printing out the patch and adding it into scenes of newly captured images or video footage. In this work we further test the efficacy of adversarial patch attacks in the physical world under more challenging conditions. We consider object detection models trained on overhead imagery acquired through aerial or satellite cameras, and we test physical adversarial patches inserted into scenes of a desert environment. Our main finding is that it is far more difficult to successfully implement the adversarial patch attacks under these conditions than in the previously considered conditions. This has important implications for AI safety as the real-world threat posed by adversarial examples may be overstated.      
### 71.Defending Multimodal Fusion Models against Single-Source Adversaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12714.pdf)
>  Beyond achieving high performance across many vision tasks, multimodal models are expected to be robust to single-source faults due to the availability of redundant information between modalities. In this paper, we investigate the robustness of multimodal neural networks against worst-case (i.e., adversarial) perturbations on a single modality. We first show that standard multimodal fusion models are vulnerable to single-source adversaries: an attack on any single modality can overcome the correct information from multiple unperturbed modalities and cause the model to fail. This surprising vulnerability holds across diverse multimodal tasks and necessitates a solution. Motivated by this finding, we propose an adversarially robust fusion strategy that trains the model to compare information coming from all the input sources, detect inconsistencies in the perturbed modality compared to the other modalities, and only allow information from the unperturbed modalities to pass through. Our approach significantly improves on state-of-the-art methods in single-source robustness, achieving gains of 7.8-25.2% on action recognition, 19.7-48.2% on object detection, and 1.6-6.7% on sentiment analysis, without degrading performance on unperturbed (i.e., clean) data.      
### 72.Anatomy-Guided Weakly-Supervised Abnormality Localization in Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12704.pdf)
>  Creating a large-scale dataset of abnormality annotation on medical images is a labor-intensive and costly task. Leveraging weak supervision from readily available data such as radiology reports can compensate lack of large-scale data for anomaly detection methods. However, most of the current methods only use image-level pathological observations, failing to utilize the relevant anatomy mentions in reports. Furthermore, Natural Language Processing (NLP)-mined weak labels are noisy due to label sparsity and linguistic ambiguity. We propose an Anatomy-Guided chest X-ray Network (AGXNet) to address these issues of weak annotation. Our framework consists of a cascade of two networks, one responsible for identifying anatomical abnormalities and the second responsible for pathological observations. The critical component in our framework is an anatomy-guided attention module that aids the downstream observation network in focusing on the relevant anatomical regions generated by the anatomy network. We use Positive Unlabeled (PU) learning to account for the fact that lack of mention does not necessarily mean a negative label. Our quantitative and qualitative results on the MIMIC-CXR dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of AGXNet in disease and anatomical abnormality localization. Experiments on the NIH Chest X-ray dataset show that the learned feature representations are transferable and can achieve the state-of-the-art performances in disease classification and competitive disease localization results. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/batmanlab/AGXNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 73.RandStainNA: Learning Stain-Agnostic Features from Histology Slides by Bridging Stain Augmentation and Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12694.pdf)
>  Stain variations often decrease the generalization ability of deep learning based approaches in digital histopathology analysis. Two separate proposals, namely stain normalization (SN) and stain augmentation (SA), have been spotlighted to reduce the generalization error, where the former alleviates the stain shift across different medical centers using template image and the latter enriches the accessible stain styles by the simulation of more stain variations. However, their applications are bounded by the selection of template images and the construction of unrealistic styles. To address the problems, we unify SN and SA with a novel RandStainNA scheme, which constrains variable stain styles in a practicable range to train a stain agnostic deep learning model. The RandStainNA is applicable to stain normalization in a collection of color spaces i.e. HED, HSV, LAB. Additionally, we propose a random color space selection scheme to gain extra performance improvement. We evaluate our method by two diagnostic tasks i.e. tissue subtype classification and nuclei segmentation, with various network backbones. The performance superiority over both SA and SN yields that the proposed RandStainNA can consistently improve the generalization ability, that our models can cope with more incoming clinical datasets with unpredicted stain styles. The codes is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yiqings/RandStainNA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 74.Defense against adversarial attacks on deep convolutional neural networks through nonlocal denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12685.pdf)
>  Despite substantial advances in network architecture performance, the susceptibility of adversarial attacks makes deep learning challenging to implement in safety-critical applications. This paper proposes a data-centric approach to addressing this problem. A nonlocal denoising method with different luminance values has been used to generate adversarial examples from the Modified National Institute of Standards and Technology database (MNIST) and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR-10) data sets. Under perturbation, the method provided absolute accuracy improvements of up to 9.3% in the MNIST data set and 13% in the CIFAR-10 data set. Training using transformed images with higher luminance values increases the robustness of the classifier. We have shown that transfer learning is disadvantageous for adversarial machine learning. The results indicate that simple adversarial examples can improve resilience and make deep learning easier to apply in various applications.      
### 75.UltraMNIST Classification: A Benchmark to Train CNNs for Very Large Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12681.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) approaches available in the current literature are designed to work primarily with low-resolution images. When applied on very large images, challenges related to GPU memory, smaller receptive field than needed for semantic correspondence and the need to incorporate multi-scale features arise. The resolution of input images can be reduced, however, with significant loss of critical information. Based on the outlined issues, we introduce a novel research problem of training CNN models for very large images, and present 'UltraMNIST dataset', a simple yet representative benchmark dataset for this task. UltraMNIST has been designed using the popular MNIST digits with additional levels of complexity added to replicate well the challenges of real-world problems. We present two variants of the problem: 'UltraMNIST classification' and 'Budget-aware UltraMNIST classification'. The standard UltraMNIST classification benchmark is intended to facilitate the development of novel CNN training methods that make the effective use of the best available GPU resources. The budget-aware variant is intended to promote development of methods that work under constrained GPU memory. For the development of competitive solutions, we present several baseline models for the standard benchmark and its budget-aware variant. We study the effect of reducing resolution on the performance and present results for baseline models involving pretrained backbones from among the popular state-of-the-art models. Finally, with the presented benchmark dataset and the baselines, we hope to pave the ground for a new generation of CNN methods suitable for handling large images in an efficient and resource-light manner.      
### 76.Learning to Infer 3D Shape Programs with Differentiable Renderer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12675.pdf)
>  Given everyday artifacts, such as tables and chairs, humans recognize high-level regularities within them, such as the symmetries of a table, the repetition of its legs, while possessing low-level priors of their geometries, e.g., surfaces are smooth and edges are sharp. This kind of knowledge constitutes an important part of human perceptual understanding and reasoning. Representations of and how to reason in such knowledge, and the acquisition thereof, are still open questions in artificial intelligence (AI) and cognitive science. Building on the previous proposal of the \emph{3D shape programs} representation alone with the accompanying neural generator and executor from \citet{tian2019learning}, we propose an analytical yet differentiable executor that is more faithful and controllable in interpreting shape programs (particularly in extrapolation) and more sample efficient (requires no training). These facilitate the generator's learning when ground truth programs are not available, and should be especially useful when new shape-program components are enrolled either by human designers or -- in the context of library learning -- algorithms themselves. Preliminary experiments on using it for adaptation illustrate the aforesaid advantages of the proposed module, encouraging similar methods being explored in building machines that learn to reason with the kind of knowledge described above, and even learn this knowledge itself.      
### 77.Enhanced Deep Animation Video Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12657.pdf)
>  Existing learning-based frame interpolation algorithms extract consecutive frames from high-speed natural videos to train the model. Compared to natural videos, cartoon videos are usually in a low frame rate. Besides, the motion between consecutive cartoon frames is typically nonlinear, which breaks the linear motion assumption of interpolation algorithms. Thus, it is unsuitable for generating a training set directly from cartoon videos. For better adapting frame interpolation algorithms from nature video to animation video, we present AutoFI, a simple and effective method to automatically render training data for deep animation video interpolation. AutoFI takes a layered architecture to render synthetic data, which ensures the assumption of linear motion. Experimental results show that AutoFI performs favorably in training both DAIN and ANIN. However, most frame interpolation algorithms will still fail in error-prone areas, such as fast motion or large occlusion. Besides AutoFI, we also propose a plug-and-play sketch-based post-processing module, named SktFI, to refine the final results using user-provided sketches manually. With AutoFI and SktFI, the interpolated animation frames show high perceptual quality.      
### 78.Diagnostic Communication and Visual System based on Vehicle UDS Protocol  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12653.pdf)
>  Unified Diagnostic Services (UDS) is a diagnostic communication protocol used in electronic control units (ECUs) within automotive electronics, which is specified in the ISO 14229-1. It is derived from ISO 14230-3 (KWP2000) and the now obsolete ISO 15765-3 (Diagnostic Communication over Controller Area Network (DoCAN). 'Unified' in this context means that it is an international and not a company-specific standard. By now this communication protocol is used in all new ECUs made by Tier 1 suppliers of Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), and is incorporated into other standards, such as AUTOSAR. The ECUs in modern vehicles control nearly all functions, including electronic fuel injection (EFI), engine control, the transmission, anti-lock braking system, door locks, braking, window operation, and more.      
### 79.Review on Social Behavior Analysis of Laboratory Animals: From Methodologies to Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12651.pdf)
>  As the bridge between genetic and physiological aspects, animal behaviour analysis is one of the most significant topics in biology and ecological research. However, identifying, tracking and recording animal behaviour are labour intensive works that require professional knowledge. To mitigate the spend for annotating data, researchers turn to computer vision techniques for automatic label algorithms, since most of the data are recorded visually. In this work, we explore a variety of behaviour detection algorithms, covering traditional vision methods, statistical methods and deep learning methods. The objective of this work is to provide a thorough investigation of related work, furnishing biologists with a scratch of efficient animal behaviour detection methods. Apart from that, we also discuss the strengths and weaknesses of those algorithms to provide some insights for those who already delve into this field.      
### 80.Machine Learning-based Biological Ageing Estimation Technologies: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12650.pdf)
>  In recent years, there are various methods of estimating Biological Age (BA) have been developed. Especially with the development of machine learning (ML), there are more and more types of BA predictions, and the accuracy has been greatly improved. The models for the estimation of BA play an important role in monitoring healthy aging, and could provide new tools to detect health status in the general population and give warnings to sub-healthy people. We will mainly review three age prediction methods by using ML. They are based on blood biomarkers, facial images, and structural neuroimaging features. For now, the model using blood biomarkers is the simplest, most direct, and most accurate method. The face image method is affected by various aspects such as race, environment, etc., the prediction accuracy is not very good, which cannot make a great contribution to the medical field. In summary, we are here to track the way forward in the era of big data for us and other potential general populations and show ways to leverage the vast amounts of data available today.      
### 81.BIMS-PU: Bi-Directional and Multi-Scale Point Cloud Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12648.pdf)
>  The learning and aggregation of multi-scale features are essential in empowering neural networks to capture the fine-grained geometric details in the point cloud upsampling task. Most existing approaches extract multi-scale features from a point cloud of a fixed resolution, hence obtain only a limited level of details. Though an existing approach aggregates a feature hierarchy of different resolutions from a cascade of upsampling sub-network, the training is complex with expensive computation. To address these issues, we construct a new point cloud upsampling pipeline called BIMS-PU that integrates the feature pyramid architecture with a bi-directional up and downsampling path. Specifically, we decompose the up/downsampling procedure into several up/downsampling sub-steps by breaking the target sampling factor into smaller factors. The multi-scale features are naturally produced in a parallel manner and aggregated using a fast feature fusion method. Supervision signal is simultaneously applied to all upsampled point clouds of different scales. Moreover, we formulate a residual block to ease the training of our model. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments on different datasets show that our method achieves superior results to state-of-the-art approaches. Last but not least, we demonstrate that point cloud upsampling can improve robot perception by ameliorating the 3D data quality.      
### 82.SC-Transformer++: Structured Context Transformer for Generic Event Boundary Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12634.pdf)
>  This report presents the algorithm used in the submission of Generic Event Boundary Detection (GEBD) Challenge at CVPR 2022. In this work, we improve the existing Structured Context Transformer (SC-Transformer) method for GEBD. Specifically, a transformer decoder module is added after transformer encoders to extract high quality frame features. The final classification is performed jointly on the results of the original binary classifier and a newly introduced multi-class classifier branch. To enrich motion information, optical flow is introduced as a new modality. Finally, model ensemble is used to further boost performance. The proposed method achieves 86.49% F1 score on Kinetics-GEBD test set. which improves 2.86% F1 score compared to the previous SOTA method.      
### 83.Inverted Semantic-Index for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12623.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the construction of inverted index for large-scale image retrieval. The inverted index proposed by J. Sivic brings a significant acceleration by reducing distance computations with only a small fraction of the database. The state-of-the-art inverted indices aim to build finer partitions that produce a concise and accurate candidate list. However, partitioning in these frameworks is generally achieved by unsupervised clustering methods which ignore the semantic information of images. In this paper, we replace the clustering method with image classification, during the construction of codebook. We then propose a merging and splitting method to solve the problem that the number of partitions is unchangeable in the inverted semantic-index. Next, we combine our semantic-index with the product quantization (PQ) so as to alleviate the accuracy loss caused by PQ compression. Finally, we evaluate our model on large-scale image retrieval benchmarks. Experiment results demonstrate that our model can significantly improve the retrieval accuracy by generating high-quality candidate lists.      
### 84.SAT: Self-adaptive training for fashion compatibility prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12622.pdf)
>  This paper presents a self-adaptive training (SAT) model for fashion compatibility prediction. It focuses on the learning of some hard items, such as those that share similar color, texture, and pattern features but are considered incompatible due to the aesthetics or temporal shifts. Specifically, we first design a method to define hard outfits and a difficulty score (DS) is defined and assigned to each outfit based on the difficulty in recommending an item for it. Then, we propose a self-adaptive triplet loss (SATL), where the DS of the outfit is considered. Finally, we propose a very simple conditional similarity network combining the proposed SATL to achieve the learning of hard items in the fashion compatibility prediction. Experiments on the publicly available Polyvore Outfits and Polyvore Outfits-D datasets demonstrate our SAT's effectiveness in fashion compatibility prediction. Besides, our SATL can be easily extended to other conditional similarity networks to improve their performance.      
### 85.BokehMe: When Neural Rendering Meets Classical Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12614.pdf)
>  We propose BokehMe, a hybrid bokeh rendering framework that marries a neural renderer with a classical physically motivated renderer. Given a single image and a potentially imperfect disparity map, BokehMe generates high-resolution photo-realistic bokeh effects with adjustable blur size, focal plane, and aperture shape. To this end, we analyze the errors from the classical scattering-based method and derive a formulation to calculate an error map. Based on this formulation, we implement the classical renderer by a scattering-based method and propose a two-stage neural renderer to fix the erroneous areas from the classical renderer. The neural renderer employs a dynamic multi-scale scheme to efficiently handle arbitrary blur sizes, and it is trained to handle imperfect disparity input. Experiments show that our method compares favorably against previous methods on both synthetic image data and real image data with predicted disparity. A user study is further conducted to validate the advantage of our method.      
### 86.Learn to Predict How Humans Manipulate Large-sized Objects from Interactive Motions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12612.pdf)
>  Understanding human intentions during interactions has been a long-lasting theme, that has applications in human-robot interaction, virtual reality and surveillance. In this study, we focus on full-body human interactions with large-sized daily objects and aim to predict the future states of objects and humans given a sequential observation of human-object interaction. As there is no such dataset dedicated to full-body human interactions with large-sized daily objects, we collected a large-scale dataset containing thousands of interactions for training and evaluation purposes. We also observe that an object's intrinsic physical properties are useful for the object motion prediction, and thus design a set of object dynamic descriptors to encode such intrinsic properties. We treat the object dynamic descriptors as a new modality and propose a graph neural network, HO-GCN, to fuse motion data and dynamic descriptors for the prediction task. We show the proposed network that consumes dynamic descriptors can achieve state-of-the-art prediction results and help the network better generalize to unseen objects. We also demonstrate the predicted results are useful for human-robot collaborations.      
### 87.Non-iterative Coarse-to-fine Registration based on Single-pass Deep Cumulative Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12596.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration is a crucial step in medical image analysis for finding a non-linear spatial transformation between a pair of fixed and moving images. Deep registration methods based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been widely used as they can perform image registration in a fast and end-to-end manner. However, these methods usually have limited performance for image pairs with large deformations. Recently, iterative deep registration methods have been used to alleviate this limitation, where the transformations are iteratively learned in a coarse-to-fine manner. However, iterative methods inevitably prolong the registration runtime, and tend to learn separate image features for each iteration, which hinders the features from being leveraged to facilitate the registration at later iterations. In this study, we propose a Non-Iterative Coarse-to-finE registration Network (NICE-Net) for deformable image registration. In the NICE-Net, we propose: (i) a Single-pass Deep Cumulative Learning (SDCL) decoder that can cumulatively learn coarse-to-fine transformations within a single pass (iteration) of the network, and (ii) a Selectively-propagated Feature Learning (SFL) encoder that can learn common image features for the whole coarse-to-fine registration process and selectively propagate the features as needed. Extensive experiments on six public datasets of 3D brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) show that our proposed NICE-Net can outperform state-of-the-art iterative deep registration methods while only requiring similar runtime to non-iterative methods.      
### 88.Asymmetric Transfer Hashing with Adaptive Bipartite Graph Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12592.pdf)
>  Thanks to the efficient retrieval speed and low storage consumption, learning to hash has been widely used in visual retrieval tasks. However, existing hashing methods assume that the query and retrieval samples lie in homogeneous feature space within the same domain. As a result, they cannot be directly applied to heterogeneous cross-domain retrieval. In this paper, we propose a Generalized Image Transfer Retrieval (GITR) problem, which encounters two crucial bottlenecks: 1) the query and retrieval samples may come from different domains, leading to an inevitable {domain distribution gap}; 2) the features of the two domains may be heterogeneous or misaligned, bringing up an additional {feature gap}. To address the GITR problem, we propose an Asymmetric Transfer Hashing (ATH) framework with its unsupervised/semi-supervised/supervised realizations. Specifically, ATH characterizes the domain distribution gap by the discrepancy between two asymmetric hash functions, and minimizes the feature gap with the help of a novel adaptive bipartite graph constructed on cross-domain data. By jointly optimizing asymmetric hash functions and the bipartite graph, not only can knowledge transfer be achieved but information loss caused by feature alignment can also be avoided. Meanwhile, to alleviate negative transfer, the intrinsic geometrical structure of single-domain data is preserved by involving a domain affinity graph. Extensive experiments on both single-domain and cross-domain benchmarks under different GITR subtasks indicate the superiority of our ATH method in comparison with the state-of-the-art hashing methods.      
### 89.RSTAM: An Effective Black-Box Impersonation Attack on Face Recognition using a Mobile and Compact Printer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12590.pdf)
>  Face recognition has achieved considerable progress in recent years thanks to the development of deep neural networks, but it has recently been discovered that deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples. This means that face recognition models or systems based on deep neural networks are also susceptible to adversarial examples. However, the existing methods of attacking face recognition models or systems with adversarial examples can effectively complete white-box attacks but not black-box impersonation attacks, physical attacks, or convenient attacks, particularly on commercial face recognition systems. In this paper, we propose a new method to attack face recognition models or systems called RSTAM, which enables an effective black-box impersonation attack using an adversarial mask printed by a mobile and compact printer. First, RSTAM enhances the transferability of the adversarial masks through our proposed random similarity transformation strategy. Furthermore, we propose a random meta-optimization strategy for ensembling several pre-trained face models to generate more general adversarial masks. Finally, we conduct experiments on the CelebA-HQ, LFW, Makeup Transfer (MT), and CASIA-FaceV5 datasets. The performance of the attacks is also evaluated on state-of-the-art commercial face recognition systems: Face++, Baidu, Aliyun, Tencent, and Microsoft. Extensive experiments show that RSTAM can effectively perform black-box impersonation attacks on face recognition models or systems.      
### 90.CV 3315 Is All You Need : Semantic Segmentation Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12571.pdf)
>  This competition focus on Urban-Sense Segmentation based on the vehicle camera view. Class highly unbalanced Urban-Sense images dataset challenge the existing solutions and further studies. Deep Conventional neural network-based semantic segmentation methods such as encoder-decoder architecture and multi-scale and pyramid-based approaches become flexible solutions applicable to real-world applications. In this competition, we mainly review the literature and conduct experiments on transformer-driven methods especially SegFormer, to achieve an optimal trade-off between performance and efficiency. For example, SegFormer-B0 achieved 74.6% mIoU with the smallest FLOPS, 15.6G, and the largest model, SegFormer- B5 archived 80.2% mIoU. According to multiple factors, including individual case failure analysis, individual class performance, training pressure and efficiency estimation, the final candidate model for the competition is SegFormer- B2 with 50.6 GFLOPS and 78.5% mIoU evaluated on the testing set. Checkout our code implementation at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vmv.re/cv3315" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 91.LFPS-Net: a lightweight fast pulse simulation network for BVP estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12558.pdf)
>  Heart rate estimation based on remote photoplethysmography plays an important role in several specific scenarios, such as health monitoring and fatigue detection. Existing well-established methods are committed to taking the average of the predicted HRs of multiple overlapping video clips as the final results for the 30-second facial video. Although these methods with hundreds of layers and thousands of channels are highly accurate and robust, they require enormous computational budget and a 30-second wait time, which greatly limits the application of the algorithms to scale. Under these cicumstacnces, We propose a lightweight fast pulse simulation network (LFPS-Net), pursuing the best accuracy within a very limited computational and time budget, focusing on common mobile platforms, such as smart phones. In order to suppress the noise component and get stable pulse in a short time, we design a multi-frequency modal signal fusion mechanism, which exploits the theory of time-frequency domain analysis to separate multi-modal information from complex signals. It helps proceeding network learn the effective fetures more easily without adding any parameter. In addition, we design a oversampling training strategy to solve the problem caused by the unbalanced distribution of dataset. For the 30-second facial videos, our proposed method achieves the best results on most of the evaluation metrics for estimating heart rate or heart rate variability compared to the best available papers. The proposed method can still obtain very competitive results by using a short-time (~15-second) facail video.      
### 92.SLIC: Self-Supervised Learning with Iterative Clustering for Human Action Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12534.pdf)
>  Self-supervised methods have significantly closed the gap with end-to-end supervised learning for image classification. In the case of human action videos, however, where both appearance and motion are significant factors of variation, this gap remains significant. One of the key reasons for this is that sampling pairs of similar video clips, a required step for many self-supervised contrastive learning methods, is currently done conservatively to avoid false positives. A typical assumption is that similar clips only occur temporally close within a single video, leading to insufficient examples of motion similarity. To mitigate this, we propose SLIC, a clustering-based self-supervised contrastive learning method for human action videos. Our key contribution is that we improve upon the traditional intra-video positive sampling by using iterative clustering to group similar video instances. This enables our method to leverage pseudo-labels from the cluster assignments to sample harder positives and negatives. SLIC outperforms state-of-the-art video retrieval baselines by +15.4% on top-1 recall on UCF101 and by +5.7% when directly transferred to HMDB51. With end-to-end finetuning for action classification, SLIC achieves 83.2% top-1 accuracy (+0.8%) on UCF101 and 54.5% on HMDB51 (+1.6%). SLIC is also competitive with the state-of-the-art in action classification after self-supervised pretraining on Kinetics400.      
### 93.From Shallow to Deep: Compositional Reasoning over Graphs for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12533.pdf)
>  In order to achieve a general visual question answering (VQA) system, it is essential to learn to answer deeper questions that require compositional reasoning on the image and external knowledge. Meanwhile, the reasoning process should be explicit and explainable to understand the working mechanism of the model. It is effortless for human but challenging for machines. In this paper, we propose a Hierarchical Graph Neural Module Network (HGNMN) that reasons over multi-layer graphs with neural modules to address the above issues. Specifically, we first encode the image by multi-layer graphs from the visual, semantic and commonsense views since the clues that support the answer may exist in different modalities. Our model consists of several well-designed neural modules that perform specific functions over graphs, which can be used to conduct multi-step reasoning within and between different graphs. Compared to existing modular networks, we extend visual reasoning from one graph to more graphs. We can explicitly trace the reasoning process according to module weights and graph attentions. Experiments show that our model not only achieves state-of-the-art performance on the CRIC dataset but also obtains explicit and explainable reasoning procedures.      
### 94.Stain based contrastive co-training for histopathological image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12505.pdf)
>  We propose a novel semi-supervised learning approach for classification of histopathology images. We employ strong supervision with patch-level annotations combined with a novel co-training loss to create a semi-supervised learning framework. Co-training relies on multiple conditionally independent and sufficient views of the data. We separate the hematoxylin and eosin channels in pathology images using color deconvolution to create two views of each slide that can partially fulfill these requirements. Two separate CNNs are used to embed the two views into a joint feature space. We use a contrastive loss between the views in this feature space to implement co-training. We evaluate our approach in clear cell renal cell and prostate carcinomas, and demonstrate improvement over state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning methods.      
### 95.Optimal and Robust Category-level Perception: Object Pose and Shape Estimation from 2D and 3D Semantic Keypoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12498.pdf)
>  We consider a category-level perception problem, where one is given 2D or 3D sensor data picturing an object of a given category (e.g., a car), and has to reconstruct the 3D pose and shape of the object despite intra-class variability (i.e., different car models have different shapes). We consider an active shape model, where -- for an object category -- we are given a library of potential CAD models describing objects in that category, and we adopt a standard formulation where pose and shape are estimated from 2D or 3D keypoints via non-convex optimization. Our first contribution is to develop PACE3D* and PACE2D*, the first certifiably optimal solvers for pose and shape estimation using 3D and 2D keypoints, respectively. Both solvers rely on the design of tight (i.e., exact) semidefinite relaxations. Our second contribution is to develop outlier-robust versions of both solvers, named PACE3D# and PACE2D#. Towards this goal, we propose ROBIN, a general graph-theoretic framework to prune outliers, which uses compatibility hypergraphs to model measurements' compatibility. We show that in category-level perception problems these hypergraphs can be built from winding orders of the keypoints (in 2D) or their convex hulls (in 3D), and many outliers can be pruned via maximum hyperclique computation. The last contribution is an extensive experimental evaluation. Besides providing an ablation study on simulated datasets and on the PASCAL dataset, we combine our solver with a deep keypoint detector, and show that PACE3D# improves over the state of the art in vehicle pose estimation in the ApolloScape datasets, and its runtime is compatible with practical applications.      
### 96.Attention-Guided Autoencoder for Automated Progression Prediction of Subjective Cognitive Decline with Structural MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12480.pdf)
>  Subjective cognitive decline (SCD) is a preclinical stage of Alzheimer's disease (AD) which occurs even before mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Progressive SCD will convert to MCI with the potential of further evolving to AD. Therefore, early identification of progressive SCD with neuroimaging techniques (e.g., structural MRI) is of great clinical value for early intervention of AD. However, existing MRI-based machine/deep learning methods usually suffer the small-sample-size problem which poses a great challenge to related neuroimaging analysis. The central question we aim to tackle in this paper is how to leverage related domains (e.g., AD/NC) to assist the progression prediction of SCD. Meanwhile, we are concerned about which brain areas are more closely linked to the identification of progressive SCD. To this end, we propose an attention-guided autoencoder model for efficient cross-domain adaptation which facilitates the knowledge transfer from AD to SCD. The proposed model is composed of four key components: 1) a feature encoding module for learning shared subspace representations of different domains, 2) an attention module for automatically locating discriminative brain regions of interest defined in brain atlases, 3) a decoding module for reconstructing the original input, 4) a classification module for identification of brain diseases. Through joint training of these four modules, domain invariant features can be learned. Meanwhile, the brain disease related regions can be highlighted by the attention mechanism. Extensive experiments on the publicly available ADNI dataset and a private CLAS dataset have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed method. The proposed model is straightforward to train and test with only 5-10 seconds on CPUs and is suitable for medical tasks with small datasets.      
### 97.Motion Estimation for Large Displacements and Deformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12464.pdf)
>  Large displacement optical flow is an integral part of many computer vision tasks. Variational optical flow techniques based on a coarse-to-fine scheme interpolate sparse matches and locally optimize an energy model conditioned on colour, gradient and smoothness, making them sensitive to noise in the sparse matches, deformations, and arbitrarily large displacements. This paper addresses this problem and presents HybridFlow, a variational motion estimation framework for large displacements and deformations. A multi-scale hybrid matching approach is performed on the image pairs. Coarse-scale clusters formed by classifying pixels according to their feature descriptors are matched using the clusters' context descriptors. We apply a multi-scale graph matching on the finer-scale superpixels contained within each matched pair of coarse-scale clusters. Small clusters that cannot be further subdivided are matched using localized feature matching. Together, these initial matches form the flow, which is propagated by an edge-preserving interpolation and variational refinement. Our approach does not require training and is robust to substantial displacements and rigid and non-rigid transformations due to motion in the scene, making it ideal for large-scale imagery such as Wide-Area Motion Imagery (WAMI). More notably, HybridFlow works on directed graphs of arbitrary topology representing perceptual groups, which improves motion estimation in the presence of significant deformations. We demonstrate HybridFlow's superior performance to state-of-the-art variational techniques on two benchmark datasets and report comparable results with state-of-the-art deep-learning-based techniques.      
### 98.Bag of Tricks for Long-Tail Visual Recognition of Animal Species in Camera Trap Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12458.pdf)
>  Camera traps are a strategy for monitoring wildlife that collects a large number of pictures. The number of images collected from each species usually follows a long-tail distribution, i.e., a few classes have a large number of instances while a lot of species have just a small percentage. Although in most cases these rare species are the classes of interest to ecologists, they are often neglected when using deep learning models because these models require a large number of images for the training. In this work, we systematically evaluate recently proposed techniques - namely, square-root re-sampling, class-balanced focal loss, and balanced group softmax - to address the long-tail visual recognition of animal species in camera trap images. To achieve a more general conclusion, we evaluated the selected methods on four families of computer vision models (ResNet, MobileNetV3, EfficientNetV2, and Swin Transformer) and four camera trap datasets with different characteristics. Initially, we prepared a robust baseline with the most recent training tricks and then we applied the methods for improving long-tail recognition. Our experiments show that the Swin transformer can reach high performance for rare classes without applying any additional method for handling imbalance, with an overall accuracy of 88.76% for WCS dataset and 94.97% for Snapshot Serengeti, considering a location-based train/test split. In general, the square-root sampling was the method that most improved the performance for minority classes by around 10%, but at the cost of reducing the majority classes accuracy at least 4%. These results motivated us to propose a simple and effective approach using an ensemble combining square-root sampling and the baseline. The proposed approach achieved the best trade-off between the performance of the tail class and the cost of the head classes' accuracy.      
### 99.Ev-NeRF: Event Based Neural Radiance Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12455.pdf)
>  We present Ev-NeRF, a Neural Radiance Field derived from event data. While event cameras can measure subtle brightness changes in high frame rates, the measurements in low lighting or extreme motion suffer from significant domain discrepancy with complex noise. As a result, the performance of event-based vision tasks does not transfer to challenging environments, where the event cameras are expected to thrive over normal cameras. We find that the multi-view consistency of NeRF provides a powerful self-supervision signal for eliminating the spurious measurements and extracting the consistent underlying structure despite highly noisy input. Instead of posed images of the original NeRF, the input to Ev-NeRF is the event measurements accompanied by the movements of the sensors. Using the loss function that reflects the measurement model of the sensor, Ev-NeRF creates an integrated neural volume that summarizes the unstructured and sparse data points captured for about 2-4 seconds. The generated neural volume can also produce intensity images from novel views with reasonable depth estimates, which can serve as a high-quality input to various vision-based tasks. Our results show that Ev-NeRF achieves competitive performance for intensity image reconstruction under extreme noise conditions and high-dynamic-range imaging.      
### 100.Prompting Decision Transformer for Few-Shot Policy Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13499.pdf)
>  Humans can leverage prior experience and learn novel tasks from a handful of demonstrations. In contrast to offline meta-reinforcement learning, which aims to achieve quick adaptation through better algorithm design, we investigate the effect of architecture inductive bias on the few-shot learning capability. We propose a Prompt-based Decision Transformer (Prompt-DT), which leverages the sequential modeling ability of the Transformer architecture and the prompt framework to achieve few-shot adaptation in offline RL. We design the trajectory prompt, which contains segments of the few-shot demonstrations, and encodes task-specific information to guide policy generation. Our experiments in five MuJoCo control benchmarks show that Prompt-DT is a strong few-shot learner without any extra finetuning on unseen target tasks. Prompt-DT outperforms its variants and strong meta offline RL baselines by a large margin with a trajectory prompt containing only a few timesteps. Prompt-DT is also robust to prompt length changes and can generalize to out-of-distribution (OOD) environments.      
### 101.Auditing Visualizations: Transparency Methods Struggle to Detect Anomalous Behavior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13498.pdf)
>  Transparency methods such as model visualizations provide information that outputs alone might miss, since they describe the internals of neural networks. But can we trust that model explanations reflect model behavior? For instance, can they diagnose abnormal behavior such as backdoors or shape bias? To evaluate model explanations, we define a model as anomalous if it differs from a reference set of normal models, and we test whether transparency methods assign different explanations to anomalous and normal models. We find that while existing methods can detect stark anomalies such as shape bias or adversarial training, they struggle to identify more subtle anomalies such as models trained on incomplete data. Moreover, they generally fail to distinguish the inputs that induce anomalous behavior, e.g. images containing a backdoor trigger. These results reveal new blind spots in existing model explanations, pointing to the need for further method development.      
### 102.Robustness Implies Generalization via Data-Dependent Generalization Bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13497.pdf)
>  This paper proves that robustness implies generalization via data-dependent generalization bounds. As a result, robustness and generalization are shown to be connected closely in a data-dependent manner. Our bounds improve previous bounds in two directions, to solve an open problem that has seen little development since 2010. The first is to reduce the dependence on the covering number. The second is to remove the dependence on the hypothesis space. We present several examples, including ones for lasso and deep learning, in which our bounds are provably preferable. The experiments on real-world data and theoretical models demonstrate near-exponential improvements in various situations. To achieve these improvements, we do not require additional assumptions on the unknown distribution; instead, we only incorporate an observable and computable property of the training samples. A key technical innovation is an improved concentration bound for multinomial random variables that is of independent interest beyond robustness and generalization.      
### 103.Effective training-time stacking for ensembling of deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13491.pdf)
>  Ensembling is a popular and effective method for improving machine learning (ML) models. It proves its value not only in classical ML but also for deep learning. Ensembles enhance the quality and trustworthiness of ML solutions, and allow uncertainty estimation. However, they come at a price: training ensembles of deep learning models eat a huge amount of computational resources. <br>A snapshot ensembling collects models in the ensemble along a single training path. As it runs training only one time, the computational time is similar to the training of one model. However, the quality of models along the training path is different: typically, later models are better if no overfitting occurs. So, the models are of varying utility. <br>Our method improves snapshot ensembling by selecting and weighting ensemble members along the training path. It relies on training-time likelihoods without looking at validation sample errors that standard stacking methods do. Experimental evidence for Fashion MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100 datasets demonstrates the superior quality of the proposed weighted ensembles c.t. vanilla ensembling of deep learning models.      
### 104.An Atlas for the Pinhole Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13468.pdf)
>  We introduce an atlas of algebro-geometric objects associated with image formation in pinhole cameras. The nodes of the atlas are algebraic varieties or their vanishing ideals related to each other by projection or elimination and restriction or specialization respectively. This atlas offers a unifying framework for the study of problems in 3D computer vision. We initiate the study of the atlas by completely characterizing a part of the atlas stemming from the triangulation problem. We conclude with several open problems and generalizations of the atlas.      
### 105.DeStripe: A Self2Self Spatio-Spectral Graph Neural Network with Unfolded Hessian for Stripe Artifact Removal in Light-sheet Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13419.pdf)
>  Light-sheet fluorescence microscopy (LSFM) is a cutting-edge volumetric imaging technique that allows for three-dimensional imaging of mesoscopic samples with decoupled illumination and detection paths. Although the selective excitation scheme of such a microscope provides intrinsic optical sectioning that minimizes out-of-focus fluorescence background and sample photodamage, it is prone to light absorption and scattering effects, which results in uneven illumination and striping artifacts in the images adversely. To tackle this issue, in this paper, we propose a blind stripe artifact removal algorithm in LSFM, called DeStripe, which combines a self-supervised spatio-spectral graph neural network with unfolded Hessian prior. Specifically, inspired by the desirable properties of Fourier transform in condensing striping information into isolated values in the frequency domain, DeStripe firstly localizes the potentially corrupted Fourier coefficients by exploiting the structural difference between unidirectional stripe artifacts and more isotropic foreground images. Affected Fourier coefficients can then be fed into a graph neural network for recovery, with a Hessian regularization unrolled to further ensure structures in the standard image space are well preserved. Since in realistic, stripe-free LSFM barely exists with a standard image acquisition protocol, DeStripe is equipped with a Self2Self denoising loss term, enabling artifact elimination without access to stripe-free ground truth images. Competitive experimental results demonstrate the efficacy of DeStripe in recovering corrupted biomarkers in LSFM with both synthetic and real stripe artifacts.      
### 106.Explicitly incorporating spatial information to recurrent networks for agriculture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13406.pdf)
>  In agriculture, the majority of vision systems perform still image classification. Yet, recent work has highlighted the potential of spatial and temporal cues as a rich source of information to improve the classification performance. In this paper, we propose novel approaches to explicitly capture both spatial and temporal information to improve the classification of deep convolutional neural networks. We leverage available RGB-D images and robot odometry to perform inter-frame feature map spatial registration. This information is then fused within recurrent deep learnt models, to improve their accuracy and robustness. We demonstrate that this can considerably improve the classification performance with our best performing spatial-temporal model (ST-Atte) achieving absolute performance improvements for intersection-over-union (IoU[%]) of 4.7 for crop-weed segmentation and 2.6 for fruit (sweet pepper) segmentation. Furthermore, we show that these approaches are robust to variable framerates and odometry errors, which are frequently observed in real-world applications.      
### 107.Transfer Learning via Test-Time Neural Networks Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13399.pdf)
>  It has been demonstrated that deep neural networks outperform traditional machine learning. However, deep networks lack generalisability, that is, they will not perform as good as in a new (testing) set drawn from a different distribution due to the domain shift. In order to tackle this known issue, several transfer learning approaches have been proposed, where the knowledge of a trained model is transferred into another to improve performance with different data. However, most of these approaches require additional training steps, or they suffer from catastrophic forgetting that occurs when a trained model has overwritten previously learnt knowledge. We address both problems with a novel transfer learning approach that uses network aggregation. We train dataset-specific networks together with an aggregation network in a unified framework. The loss function includes two main components: a task-specific loss (such as cross-entropy) and an aggregation loss. The proposed aggregation loss allows our model to learn how trained deep network parameters can be aggregated with an aggregation operator. We demonstrate that the proposed approach learns model aggregation at test time without any further training step, reducing the burden of transfer learning to a simple arithmetical operation. The proposed approach achieves comparable performance w.r.t. the baseline. Besides, if the aggregation operator has an inverse, we will show that our model also inherently allows for selective forgetting, i.e., the aggregated model can forget one of the datasets it was trained on, retaining information on the others.      
### 108.CS$^2$: A Controllable and Simultaneous Synthesizer of Images and Annotations with Minimal Human Intervention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13394.pdf)
>  The destitution of image data and corresponding expert annotations limit the training capacities of AI diagnostic models and potentially inhibit their performance. To address such a problem of data and label scarcity, generative models have been developed to augment the training datasets. Previously proposed generative models usually require manually adjusted annotations (e.g., segmentation masks) or need pre-labeling. However, studies have found that these pre-labeling based methods can induce hallucinating artifacts, which might mislead the downstream clinical tasks, while manual adjustment could be onerous and subjective. To avoid manual adjustment and pre-labeling, we propose a novel controllable and simultaneous synthesizer (dubbed CS$^2$) in this study to generate both realistic images and corresponding annotations at the same time. Our CS$^2$ model is trained and validated using high resolution CT (HRCT) data collected from COVID-19 patients to realize an efficient infections segmentation with minimal human intervention. Our contributions include 1) a conditional image synthesis network that receives both style information from reference CT images and structural information from unsupervised segmentation masks, and 2) a corresponding segmentation mask synthesis network to automatically segment these synthesized images simultaneously. Our experimental studies on HRCT scans collected from COVID-19 patients demonstrate that our CS$^2$ model can lead to realistic synthesized datasets and promising segmentation results of COVID infections compared to the state-of-the-art nnUNet trained and fine-tuned in a fully supervised manner.      
### 109.Cross-Modal Transformer GAN: A Brain Structure-Function Deep Fusing Framework for Alzheimer's Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13393.pdf)
>  Cross-modal fusion of different types of neuroimaging data has shown great promise for predicting the progression of Alzheimer's Disease(AD). However, most existing methods applied in neuroimaging can not efficiently fuse the functional and structural information from multi-modal neuroimages. In this work, a novel cross-modal transformer generative adversarial network(CT-GAN) is proposed to fuse functional information contained in resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI) and structural information contained in Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI). The developed bi-attention mechanism can match functional information to structural information efficiently and maximize the capability of extracting complementary information from rs-fMRI and DTI. By capturing the deep complementary information between structural features and functional features, the proposed CT-GAN can detect the AD-related brain connectivity, which could be used as a bio-marker of AD. Experimental results show that the proposed model can not only improve classification performance but also detect the AD-related brain connectivity effectively.      
### 110.ScePT: Scene-consistent, Policy-based Trajectory Predictions for Planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13387.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction is a critical functionality of autonomous systems that share environments with uncontrolled agents, one prominent example being self-driving vehicles. Currently, most prediction methods do not enforce scene consistency, i.e., there are a substantial amount of self-collisions between predicted trajectories of different agents in the scene. Moreover, many approaches generate individual trajectory predictions per agent instead of joint trajectory predictions of the whole scene, which makes downstream planning difficult. In this work, we present ScePT, a policy planning-based trajectory prediction model that generates accurate, scene-consistent trajectory predictions suitable for autonomous system motion planning. It explicitly enforces scene consistency and learns an agent interaction policy that can be used for conditional prediction. Experiments on multiple real-world pedestrians and autonomous vehicle datasets show that ScePT} matches current state-of-the-art prediction accuracy with significantly improved scene consistency. We also demonstrate ScePT's ability to work with a downstream contingency planner.      
### 111.3D unsupervised anomaly detection and localization through virtual multi-view projection and reconstruction: Clinical validation on low-dose chest computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13385.pdf)
>  Computer-aided diagnosis for low-dose computed tomography (CT) based on deep learning has recently attracted attention as a first-line automatic testing tool because of its high accuracy and low radiation exposure. However, existing methods rely on supervised learning, imposing an additional burden to doctors for collecting disease data or annotating spatial labels for network training, consequently hindering their implementation. We propose a method based on a deep neural network for computer-aided diagnosis called virtual multi-view projection and reconstruction for unsupervised anomaly detection. Presumably, this is the first method that only requires data from healthy patients for training to identify three-dimensional (3D) regions containing any anomalies. The method has three key components. Unlike existing computer-aided diagnosis tools that use conventional CT slices as the network input, our method 1) improves the recognition of 3D lung structures by virtually projecting an extracted 3D lung region to obtain two-dimensional (2D) images from diverse views to serve as network inputs, 2) accommodates the input diversity gain for accurate anomaly detection, and 3) achieves 3D anomaly/disease localization through a novel 3D map restoration method using multiple 2D anomaly maps. The proposed method based on unsupervised learning improves the patient-level anomaly detection by 10% (area under the curve, 0.959) compared with a gold standard based on supervised learning (area under the curve, 0.848), and it localizes the anomaly region with 93% accuracy, demonstrating its high performance.      
### 112.Diffusion Deformable Model for 4D Temporal Medical Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13295.pdf)
>  Temporal volume images with 3D+t (4D) information are often used in medical imaging to statistically analyze temporal dynamics or capture disease progression. Although deep-learning-based generative models for natural images have been extensively studied, approaches for temporal medical image generation such as 4D cardiac volume data are limited. In this work, we present a novel deep learning model that generates intermediate temporal volumes between source and target volumes. Specifically, we propose a diffusion deformable model (DDM) by adapting the denoising diffusion probabilistic model that has recently been widely investigated for realistic image generation. Our proposed DDM is composed of the diffusion and the deformation modules so that DDM can learn spatial deformation information between the source and target volumes and provide a latent code for generating intermediate frames along a geodesic path. Once our model is trained, the latent code estimated from the diffusion module is simply interpolated and fed into the deformation module, which enables DDM to generate temporal frames along the continuous trajectory while preserving the topology of the source image. We demonstrate the proposed method with the 4D cardiac MR image generation between the diastolic and systolic phases for each subject. Compared to the existing deformation methods, our DDM achieves high performance on temporal volume generation.      
### 113.Context-Aware Transformers For Spinal Cancer Detection and Radiological Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13173.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel transformer-based model architecture for medical imaging problems involving analysis of vertebrae. It considers two applications of such models in MR images: (a) detection of spinal metastases and the related conditions of vertebral fractures and metastatic cord compression, (b) radiological grading of common degenerative changes in intervertebral discs. Our contributions are as follows: (i) We propose a Spinal Context Transformer (SCT), a deep-learning architecture suited for the analysis of repeated anatomical structures in medical imaging such as vertebral bodies (VBs). Unlike previous related methods, SCT considers all VBs as viewed in all available image modalities together, making predictions for each based on context from the rest of the spinal column and all available imaging modalities. (ii) We apply the architecture to a novel and important task: detecting spinal metastases and the related conditions of cord compression and vertebral fractures/collapse from multi-series spinal MR scans. This is done using annotations extracted from free-text radiological reports as opposed to bespoke annotation. However, the resulting model shows strong agreement with vertebral-level bespoke radiologist annotations on the test set. (iii) We also apply SCT to an existing problem: radiological grading of inter-vertebral discs (IVDs) in lumbar MR scans for common degenerative changes.We show that by considering the context of vertebral bodies in the image, SCT improves the accuracy for several gradings compared to previously published model.      
### 114.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Using Feature Disentanglement And GCNs For Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13123.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning has set new benchmarks for many medical image analysis tasks. However, deep models often fail to generalize in the presence of distribution shifts between training (source) data and test (target) data. One method commonly employed to counter distribution shifts is domain adaptation: using samples from the target domain to learn to account for shifted distributions. In this work we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation approach that uses graph neural networks and, disentangled semantic and domain invariant structural features, allowing for better performance across distribution shifts. We propose an extension to swapped autoencoders to obtain more discriminative features. We test the proposed method for classification on two challenging medical image datasets with distribution shifts - multi center chest Xray images and histopathology images. Experiments show our method achieves state-of-the-art results compared to other domain adaptation methods.      
### 115.RankSEG: A Consistent Ranking-based Framework for Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13086.pdf)
>  Segmentation has emerged as a fundamental field of computer vision and natural language processing, which assigns a label to every pixel/feature to extract regions of interest from an image/text. To evaluate the performance of segmentation, the Dice and IoU metrics are used to measure the degree of overlap between the ground truth and the predicted segmentation. In this paper, we establish a theoretical foundation of segmentation with respect to the Dice/IoU metrics, including the Bayes rule and Dice/IoU-calibration, analogous to classification-calibration or Fisher consistency in classification. We prove that the existing thresholding-based framework with most operating losses are not consistent with respect to the Dice/IoU metrics, and thus may lead to a suboptimal solution. To address this pitfall, we propose a novel consistent ranking-based framework, namely RankDice/RankIoU, inspired by plug-in rules of the Bayes segmentation rule. Three numerical algorithms with GPU parallel execution are developed to implement the proposed framework in large-scale and high-dimensional segmentation. We study statistical properties of the proposed framework. We show it is Dice-/IoU-calibrated, and its excess risk bounds and the rate of convergence are also provided. The numerical effectiveness of RankDice/mRankDice is demonstrated in various simulated examples and Fine-annotated CityScapes and Pascal VOC datasets with state-of-the-art deep learning architectures.      
### 116.Automated Systems For Diagnosis of Dysgraphia in Children: A Survey and Novel Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.13043.pdf)
>  Learning disabilities, which primarily interfere with the basic learning skills such as reading, writing and math, are known to affect around 10% of children in the world. The poor motor skills and motor coordination as part of the neurodevelopmental disorder can become a causative factor for the difficulty in learning to write (dysgraphia), hindering the academic track of an individual. The signs and symptoms of dysgraphia include but are not limited to irregular handwriting, improper handling of writing medium, slow or labored writing, unusual hand position, etc. The widely accepted assessment criterion for all the types of learning disabilities is the examination performed by medical experts. The few available artificial intelligence-powered screening systems for dysgraphia relies on the distinctive features of handwriting from the corresponding images.This work presents a review of the existing automated dysgraphia diagnosis systems for children in the literature. The main focus of the work is to review artificial intelligence-based systems for dysgraphia diagnosis in children. This work discusses the data collection method, important handwriting features, machine learning algorithms employed in the literature for the diagnosis of dysgraphia. Apart from that, this article discusses some of the non-artificial intelligence-based automated systems also. Furthermore, this article discusses the drawbacks of existing systems and proposes a novel framework for dysgraphia diagnosis.      
### 117.Detecting Schizophrenia with 3D Structural Brain MRI Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12980.pdf)
>  Schizophrenia is a chronic neuropsychiatric disorder that causes distinct structural alterations within the brain. We hypothesize that deep learning applied to a structural neuroimaging dataset could detect disease-related alteration and improve classification and diagnostic accuracy. We tested this hypothesis using a single, widely available, and conventional T1-weighted MRI scan, from which we extracted the 3D whole-brain structure using standard post-processing methods. A deep learning model was then developed, optimized, and evaluated on three open datasets with T1-weighted MRI scans of patients with schizophrenia. Our proposed model outperformed the benchmark model, which was also trained with structural MR images using a 3D CNN architecture. Our model is capable of almost perfectly (area under the ROC curve = 0.987) distinguishing schizophrenia patients from healthy controls on unseen structural MRI scans. Regional analysis localized subcortical regions and ventricles as the most predictive brain regions. Subcortical structures serve a pivotal role in cognitive, affective, and social functions in humans, and structural abnormalities of these regions have been associated with schizophrenia. Our finding corroborates that schizophrenia is associated with widespread alterations in subcortical brain structure and the subcortical structural information provides prominent features in diagnostic classification. Together, these results further demonstrate the potential of deep learning to improve schizophrenia diagnosis and identify its structural neuroimaging signatures from a single, standard T1-weighted brain MRI.      
### 118.Object Detection and Tracking with Autonomous UAV  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12941.pdf)
>  In this paper, a combat Unmanned Air Vehicle (UAV) is modeled in the simulation environment. The rotary wing UAV is successfully performed various tasks such as locking on the targets, tracking, and sharing the relevant data with surrounding vehicles. Different software technologies such as API communication, ground control station configuration, autonomous movement algorithms, computer vision, and deep learning are employed.      
### 119.Breast Cancer Classification using Deep Learned Features Boosted with Handcrafted Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12815.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is one of the leading causes of death among women across the globe. It is difficult to treat if detected at advanced stages, however, early detection can significantly increase chances of survival and improves lives of millions of women. Given the widespread prevalence of breast cancer, it is of utmost importance for the research community to come up with the framework for early detection, classification and diagnosis. Artificial intelligence research community in coordination with medical practitioners are developing such frameworks to automate the task of detection. With the surge in research activities coupled with availability of large datasets and enhanced computational powers, it expected that AI framework results will help even more clinicians in making correct predictions. In this article, a novel framework for classification of breast cancer using mammograms is proposed. The proposed framework combines robust features extracted from novel Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) features with handcrafted features including HOG (Histogram of Oriented Gradients) and LBP (Local Binary Pattern). The obtained results on CBIS-DDSM dataset exceed state of the art.      
### 120.A Comparison of AIS, X-Band Marine Radar Systems and Camera Surveillance Systems in the Collection of Tracking Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12809.pdf)
>  Maritime traffic has increased in recent years, especially in terms of seaborne trade. To ensure safety, security, and protection of the marine environment, several systems have been deployed. To overcome some of their inconveniences, the collected data is typically fused. The fused data is used for various purposes, one of our interest is target tracking. The most relevant systems in that context are AIS and X-band marine radar. Many works consider that visual data provided by camera surveillance systems enable additional advantages. Therefore, many tracking algorithms using visual data (images) have been developed. Yet, there is little emphasis on the reasons making the integration of camera systems important. Thus, our main aim in this paper is to analyze the aforementioned surveillance systems for target tracking and conclude some of the maritime security improvements resulted from the integration of cameras to the overall maritime surveillance system.      
### 121.Spatiotemporal Data Mining: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12753.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal data mining aims to discover interesting, useful but non-trivial patterns in big spatial and spatiotemporal data. They are used in various application domains such as public safety, ecology, epidemiology, earth science, etc. This problem is challenging because of the high societal cost of spurious patterns and exorbitant computational cost. Recent surveys of spatiotemporal data mining need update due to rapid growth. In addition, they did not adequately survey parallel techniques for spatiotemporal data mining. This paper provides a more up-to-date survey of spatiotemporal data mining methods. Furthermore, it has a detailed survey of parallel formulations of spatiotemporal data mining.      
### 122.p-Meta: Towards On-device Deep Model Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12705.pdf)
>  Data collected by IoT devices are often private and have a large diversity across users. Therefore, learning requires pre-training a model with available representative data samples, deploying the pre-trained model on IoT devices, and adapting the deployed model on the device with local data. Such an on-device adaption for deep learning empowered applications demands data and memory efficiency. However, existing gradient-based meta learning schemes fail to support memory-efficient adaptation. To this end, we propose p-Meta, a new meta learning method that enforces structure-wise partial parameter updates while ensuring fast generalization to unseen tasks. Evaluations on few-shot image classification and reinforcement learning tasks show that p-Meta not only improves the accuracy but also substantially reduces the peak dynamic memory by a factor of 2.5 on average compared to state-of-the-art few-shot adaptation methods.      
### 123.Sentiment Analysis with R: Natural Language Processing for Semi-Automated Assessments of Qualitative Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12649.pdf)
>  Sentiment analysis is a sub-discipline in the field of natural language processing and computational linguistics and can be used for automated or semi-automated analyses of text documents. One of the aims of these analyses is to recognize an expressed attitude as positive or negative as it can be contained in comments on social media platforms or political documents and speeches as well as fictional and nonfictional texts. Regarding analyses of comments on social media platforms, this is an extension of the previous tutorial on semi-automated screenings of social media network data. A longitudinal perspective regarding social media comments as well as cross-sectional perspectives regarding fictional and nonfictional texts, e.g. entire books and libraries, can lead to extensive text documents. Their analyses can be simplified and accelerated by using sentiment analysis with acceptable inter-rater reliability. Therefore, this tutorial introduces the basic functions for performing a sentiment analysis with R and explains how text documents can be analysed step by step - regardless of their underlying formatting. All prerequisites and steps are described in detail and associated codes are available on GitHub. A comparison of two political speeches illustrates a possible use case.      
### 124.FetReg2021: A Challenge on Placental Vessel Segmentation and Registration in Fetoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12512.pdf)
>  Fetoscopy laser photocoagulation is a widely adopted procedure for treating Twin-to-Twin Transfusion Syndrome (TTTS). The procedure involves photocoagulation pathological anastomoses to regulate blood exchange among twins. The procedure is particularly challenging due to the limited field of view, poor manoeuvrability of the fetoscope, poor visibility, and variability in illumination. These challenges may lead to increased surgery time and incomplete ablation. Computer-assisted intervention (CAI) can provide surgeons with decision support and context awareness by identifying key structures in the scene and expanding the fetoscopic field of view through video mosaicking. Research in this domain has been hampered by the lack of high-quality data to design, develop and test CAI algorithms. Through the Fetoscopic Placental Vessel Segmentation and Registration (FetReg2021) challenge, which was organized as part of the MICCAI2021 Endoscopic Vision challenge, we released the first largescale multicentre TTTS dataset for the development of generalized and robust semantic segmentation and video mosaicking algorithms. For this challenge, we released a dataset of 2060 images, pixel-annotated for vessels, tool, fetus and background classes, from 18 in-vivo TTTS fetoscopy procedures and 18 short video clips. Seven teams participated in this challenge and their model performance was assessed on an unseen test dataset of 658 pixel-annotated images from 6 fetoscopic procedures and 6 short clips. The challenge provided an opportunity for creating generalized solutions for fetoscopic scene understanding and mosaicking. In this paper, we present the findings of the FetReg2021 challenge alongside reporting a detailed literature review for CAI in TTTS fetoscopy. Through this challenge, its analysis and the release of multi-centre fetoscopic data, we provide a benchmark for future research in this field.      
### 125.A Novel Approach For Analysis of Distributed Acoustic Sensing System Based on Deep Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12484.pdf)
>  Distributed acoustic sensors (DAS) are effective apparatus which are widely used in many application areas for recording signals of various events with very high spatial resolution along the optical fiber. To detect and recognize the recorded events properly, advanced signal processing algorithms with high computational demands are crucial. Convolutional neural networks are highly capable tools for extracting spatial information and very suitable for event recognition applications in DAS. Long-short term memory (LSTM) is an effective instrument for processing sequential data. In this study, we proposed a multi-input multi-output, two stage feature extraction methodology that combines the capabilities of these neural network architectures with transfer learning to classify vibrations applied to an optical fiber by a piezo transducer. First, we extracted the differential amplitude and phase information from the Phase-OTDR recordings and stored them in a temporal-spatial data matrix. Then, we used a state-of-the-art pre-trained CNN without dense layers as a feature extractor in the first stage. In the second stage, we used LSTMs to further analyze the features extracted by the CNN. Finally, we used a dense layer to classify the extracted features. To observe the effect of the utilized CNN architecture, we tested our model with five state-of-the art pre-trained models (VGG-16, ResNet-50, DenseNet-121, MobileNet and Inception-v3). The results show that using the VGG-16 architecture in our framework manages to obtain 100% classification accuracy in 50 trainings and got the best results on our Phase-OTDR dataset. Outcomes of this study indicate that the pre-trained CNNs combined with LSTM are very suitable for the analysis of differential amplitude and phase information, represented in a temporal spatial data matrix which is promising for event recognition operations in DAS applications.      
### 126.Deep embedded clustering algorithm for clustering PACS repositories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12417.pdf)
>  Creating large datasets of medical radiology images from several sources can be challenging because of the differences in the acquisition and storage standards. One possible way of controlling and/or assessing the image selection process is through medical image clustering. This, however, requires an efficient method for learning latent image representations. In this paper, we tackle the problem of fully-unsupervised clustering of medical images using pixel data only. We test the performance of several contemporary approaches, built on top of a convolutional autoencoder (CAE) - convolutional deep embedded clustering (CDEC) and convolutional improved deep embedded clustering (CIDEC) - and three approaches based on preset feature extraction - histogram of oriented gradients (HOG), local binary pattern (LBP) and principal component analysis (PCA). CDEC and CIDEC are end-to-end clustering solutions, involving simultaneous learning of latent representations and clustering assignments, whereas the remaining approaches rely on k-means clustering from fixed embeddings. We train the models on 30,000 images, and test them using a separate test set consisting of 8,000 images. We sampled the data from the PACS repository archive of the Clinical Hospital Centre Rijeka. For evaluation, we use silhouette score, homogeneity score and normalised mutual information (NMI) on two target parameters, closely associated with commonly occurring DICOM tags - Modality and anatomical region (adjusted BodyPartExamined tag). CIDEC attains an NMI score of 0.473 with respect to anatomical region, and CDEC attains an NMI score of 0.645 with respect to the tag Modality - both outperforming other commonly used feature descriptors.      
### 127.Independent evaluation of state-of-the-art deep networks for mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12407.pdf)
>  Deep neural models have shown remarkable performance in image recognition tasks, whenever large datasets of labeled images are available. The largest datasets in radiology are available for screening mammography. Recent reports, including in high impact journals, document performance of deep models at or above that of trained radiologists. What is not yet known is whether performance of these trained models is robust and replicates across datasets. Here we evaluate performance of five published state-of-the-art models on four publicly available mammography datasets. The limited size of public datasets precludes retraining the model and so we are limited to evaluate those models that have been made available with pre-trained parameters. Where test data was available, we replicated published results. However, the trained models performed poorly on out-of-sample data, except when based on all four standard views of a mammographic exam. We conclude that future progress will depend on a concerted effort to make more diverse and larger mammography datasets publicly available. Meanwhile, results that are not accompanied by a release of trained models for independent validation should be judged cautiously.      
### 128.Counting Phases and Faces Using Bayesian Thermodynamic Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.07494.pdf)
>  We introduce a new approach to reconstruction of the thermodynamic functions and phase boundaries in two-parametric statistical mechanics systems. Our method is based on expressing the Fisher metric in terms of the posterior distributions over a space of external parameters and approximating the metric field by a Hessian of a convex function. We use the proposed approach to accurately reconstruct the partition functions and phase diagrams of the Ising model and the exactly solvable non-equilibrium TASEP without any a priori knowledge about microscopic rules of the models. We also demonstrate how our approach can be used to visualize the latent space of StyleGAN models and evaluate the variability of the generated images.      
