# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 6 Jun 2022
### 1.SNAKE: Shape-aware Neural 3D Keypoint Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01724.pdf)
>  Detecting 3D keypoints from point clouds is important for shape reconstruction, while this work investigates the dual question: can shape reconstruction benefit 3D keypoint detection? Existing methods either seek salient features according to statistics of different orders or learn to predict keypoints that are invariant to transformation. Nevertheless, the idea of incorporating shape reconstruction into 3D keypoint detection is under-explored. We argue that this is restricted by former problem formulations. To this end, a novel unsupervised paradigm named SNAKE is proposed, which is short for shape-aware neural 3D keypoint field. Similar to recent coordinate-based radiance or distance field, our network takes 3D coordinates as inputs and predicts implicit shape indicators and keypoint saliency simultaneously, thus naturally entangling 3D keypoint detection and shape reconstruction. We achieve superior performance on various public benchmarks, including standalone object datasets ModelNet40, KeypointNet, SMPL meshes and scene-level datasets 3DMatch and Redwood. Intrinsic shape awareness brings several advantages as follows. (1) SNAKE generates 3D keypoints consistent with human semantic annotation, even without such supervision. (2) SNAKE outperforms counterparts in terms of repeatability, especially when the input point clouds are down-sampled. (3) the generated keypoints allow accurate geometric registration, notably in a zero-shot setting. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhongcl-thu/SNAKE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.Revisiting the "Video" in Video-Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01720.pdf)
>  What makes a video task uniquely suited for videos, beyond what can be understood from a single image? Building on recent progress in self-supervised image-language models, we revisit this question in the context of video and language tasks. We propose the atemporal probe (ATP), a new model for video-language analysis which provides a stronger bound on the baseline accuracy of multimodal models constrained by image-level understanding. By applying this model to standard discriminative video and language tasks, such as video question answering and text-to-video retrieval, we characterize the limitations and potential of current video-language benchmarks. We find that understanding of event temporality is often not necessary to achieve strong or state-of-the-art performance, even compared with recent large-scale video-language models and in contexts intended to benchmark deeper video-level understanding. We also demonstrate how ATP can improve both video-language dataset and model design. We describe a technique for leveraging ATP to better disentangle dataset subsets with a higher concentration of temporally challenging data, improving benchmarking efficacy for causal and temporal understanding. Further, we show that effectively integrating ATP into full video-level temporal models can improve efficiency and state-of-the-art accuracy.      
### 3.A-OKVQA: A Benchmark for Visual Question Answering using World Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01718.pdf)
>  The Visual Question Answering (VQA) task aspires to provide a meaningful testbed for the development of AI models that can jointly reason over visual and natural language inputs. Despite a proliferation of VQA datasets, this goal is hindered by a set of common limitations. These include a reliance on relatively simplistic questions that are repetitive in both concepts and linguistic structure, little world knowledge needed outside of the paired image, and limited reasoning required to arrive at the correct answer. We introduce A-OKVQA, a crowdsourced dataset composed of a diverse set of about 25K questions requiring a broad base of commonsense and world knowledge to answer. In contrast to the existing knowledge-based VQA datasets, the questions generally cannot be answered by simply querying a knowledge base, and instead require some form of commonsense reasoning about the scene depicted in the image. We demonstrate the potential of this new dataset through a detailed analysis of its contents and baseline performance measurements over a variety of state-of-the-art vision-language models. Project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://a-okvqa.allenai.org/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 4.Compositional Visual Generation with Composable Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01714.pdf)
>  Large text-guided diffusion models, such as DALLE-2, are able to generate stunning photorealistic images given natural language descriptions. While such models are highly flexible, they struggle to understand the composition of certain concepts, such as confusing the attributes of different objects or relations between objects. In this paper, we propose an alternative structured approach for compositional generation using diffusion models. An image is generated by composing a set of diffusion models, with each of them modeling a certain component of the image. To do this, we interpret diffusion models as energy-based models in which the data distributions defined by the energy functions may be explicitly combined. The proposed method can generate scenes at test time that are substantially more complex than those seen in training, composing sentence descriptions, object relations, human facial attributes, and even generalizing to new combinations that are rarely seen in the real world. We further illustrate how our approach may be used to compose pre-trained text-guided diffusion models and generate photorealistic images containing all the details described in the input descriptions, including the binding of certain object attributes that have been shown difficult for DALLE-2. These results point to the effectiveness of the proposed method in promoting structured generalization for visual generation.      
### 5.Gradient Obfuscation Checklist Test Gives a False Sense of Security  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01705.pdf)
>  One popular group of defense techniques against adversarial attacks is based on injecting stochastic noise into the network. The main source of robustness of such stochastic defenses however is often due to the obfuscation of the gradients, offering a false sense of security. Since most of the popular adversarial attacks are optimization-based, obfuscated gradients reduce their attacking ability, while the model is still susceptible to stronger or specifically tailored adversarial attacks. Recently, five characteristics have been identified, which are commonly observed when the improvement in robustness is mainly caused by gradient obfuscation. It has since become a trend to use these five characteristics as a sufficient test, to determine whether or not gradient obfuscation is the main source of robustness. However, these characteristics do not perfectly characterize all existing cases of gradient obfuscation, and therefore can not serve as a basis for a conclusive test. In this work, we present a counterexample, showing this test is not sufficient for concluding that gradient obfuscation is not the main cause of improvements in robustness.      
### 6.Egocentric Video-Language Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01670.pdf)
>  Video-Language Pretraining (VLP), aiming to learn transferable representation to advance a wide range of video-text downstream tasks, has recently received increasing attention. Dominant works that achieve strong performance rely on large-scale, 3rd-person video-text datasets, such as HowTo100M. In this work, we exploit the recently released Ego4D dataset to pioneer Egocentric VLP along three directions. (i) We create EgoClip, a 1st-person video-text pretraining dataset comprising 3.8M clip-text pairs well-chosen from Ego4D, covering a large variety of human daily activities. (ii) We propose a novel pretraining objective, dubbed as EgoNCE, which adapts video-text contrastive learning to egocentric domain by mining egocentric-aware positive and negative samples. (iii) We introduce EgoMCQ, a development benchmark that is close to EgoClip and hence can support effective validation and fast exploration of our design decisions regarding EgoClip and EgoNCE. Furthermore, we demonstrate strong performance on five egocentric downstream tasks across three datasets: video-text retrieval on EPIC-KITCHENS-100; action recognition on Charades-Ego; and natural language query, moment query, and object state change classification on Ego4D challenge benchmarks. The dataset and code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/showlab/EgoVLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Style-Content Disentanglement in Language-Image Pretraining Representations for Zero-Shot Sketch-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01661.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose and validate a framework to leverage language-image pretraining representations for training-free zero-shot sketch-to-image synthesis. We show that disentangled content and style representations can be utilized to guide image generators to employ them as sketch-to-image generators without (re-)training any parameters. Our approach for disentangling style and content entails a simple method consisting of elementary arithmetic assuming compositionality of information in representations of input sketches. Our results demonstrate that this approach is competitive with state-of-the-art instance-level open-domain sketch-to-image models, while only depending on pretrained off-the-shelf models and a fraction of the data.      
### 8.Identification via Retinal Vessels Combining LBP and HOG  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01658.pdf)
>  With development of information technology and necessity for high security, using different identification methods has become very important. Each biometric feature has its own advantages and disadvantages and choosing each of them depends on our usage. Retinal scanning is a bio scale method for identification. The retina is composed of vessels and optical disk. The vessels distribution pattern is one the remarkable retinal identification methods. In this paper, a new approach is presented for identification via retinal images using LBP and hog methods. In the proposed method, it will be tried to separate the retinal vessels accurately via machine vision techniques which will have good sustainability in rotation and size change. HOG-based or LBP-based methods or their combination can be used for separation and also HSV color space can be used too. Having extracted the features, the similarity criteria can be used for identification. The implementation of proposed method and its comparison with one of the newly-presented methods in this area shows better performance of the proposed method.      
### 9.Metrics reloaded: Pitfalls and recommendations for image analysis validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01653.pdf)
>  The field of automatic biomedical image analysis crucially depends on robust and meaningful performance metrics for algorithm validation. Current metric usage, however, is often ill-informed and does not reflect the underlying domain interest. Here, we present a comprehensive framework that guides researchers towards choosing performance metrics in a problem-aware manner. Specifically, we focus on biomedical image analysis problems that can be interpreted as a classification task at image, object or pixel level. The framework first compiles domain interest-, target structure-, data set- and algorithm output-related properties of a given problem into a problem fingerprint, while also mapping it to the appropriate problem category, namely image-level classification, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, or object detection. It then guides users through the process of selecting and applying a set of appropriate validation metrics while making them aware of potential pitfalls related to individual choices. In this paper, we describe the current status of the Metrics Reloaded recommendation framework, with the goal of obtaining constructive feedback from the image analysis community. The current version has been developed within an international consortium of more than 60 image analysis experts and will be made openly available as a user-friendly toolkit after community-driven optimization.      
### 10.D'ARTAGNAN: Counterfactual Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01651.pdf)
>  Causally-enabled machine learning frameworks could help clinicians to identify the best course of treatments by answering counterfactual questions. We explore this path for the case of echocardiograms by looking into the variation of the Left Ventricle Ejection Fraction, the most essential clinical metric gained from these examinations. We combine deep neural networks, twin causal networks and generative adversarial methods for the first time to build D'ARTAGNAN (Deep ARtificial Twin-Architecture GeNerAtive Networks), a novel causal generative model. We demonstrate the soundness of our approach on a synthetic dataset before applying it to cardiac ultrasound videos by answering the question: "What would this echocardiogram look like if the patient had a different ejection fraction?". To do so, we generate new ultrasound videos, retaining the video style and anatomy of the original patient, with variations of the Ejection Fraction conditioned on a given input. We achieve an SSIM score of 0.79 and an R2 score of 0.51 on the counterfactual videos. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HReynaud/dartagnan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Rethinking Positive Sampling for Contrastive Learning with Kernel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01646.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is a crucial component in unsupervised contrastive learning (CL). It determines how positive samples are defined and, ultimately, the quality of the representation. While efficient augmentations have been found for standard vision datasets, such as ImageNet, it is still an open problem in other applications, such as medical imaging, or in datasets with easy-to-learn but irrelevant imaging features. In this work, we propose a new way to define positive samples using kernel theory along with a novel loss called decoupled uniformity. We propose to integrate prior information, learnt from generative models or given as auxiliary attributes, into contrastive learning, to make it less dependent on data augmentation. We draw a connection between contrastive learning and the conditional mean embedding theory to derive tight bounds on the downstream classification loss. In an unsupervised setting, we empirically demonstrate that CL benefits from generative models, such as VAE and GAN, to less rely on data augmentations. We validate our framework on vision datasets including CIFAR10, CIFAR100, STL10 and ImageNet100 and a brain MRI dataset. In the weakly supervised setting, we demonstrate that our formulation provides state-of-the-art results.      
### 12.Pruning for Interpretable, Feature-Preserving Circuits in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01627.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks are a powerful model class for a range of computer vision problems, but it is difficult to interpret the image filtering process they implement, given their sheer size. In this work, we introduce a method for extracting 'feature-preserving circuits' from deep CNNs, leveraging methods from saliency-based neural network pruning. These circuits are modular sub-functions, embedded within the network, containing only a subset of convolutional kernels relevant to a target feature. We compare the efficacy of 3 saliency-criteria for extracting these sparse circuits. Further, we show how 'sub-feature' circuits can be extracted, that preserve a feature's responses to particular images, dividing the feature into even sparser filtering processes. We also develop a tool for visualizing 'circuit diagrams', which render the entire image filtering process implemented by circuits in a parsable format.      
### 13.Anomaly detection in surveillance videos using transformer based attention model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01524.pdf)
>  Surveillance footage can catch a wide range of realistic anomalies. This research suggests using a weakly supervised strategy to avoid annotating anomalous segments in training videos, which is time consuming. In this approach only video level labels are used to obtain frame level anomaly scores. Weakly supervised video anomaly detection (WSVAD) suffers from the wrong identification of abnormal and normal instances during the training process. Therefore it is important to extract better quality features from the available videos. WIth this motivation, the present paper uses better quality transformer-based features named Videoswin Features followed by the attention layer based on dilated convolution and self attention to capture long and short range dependencies in temporal domain. This gives us a better understanding of available videos. The proposed framework is validated on real-world dataset i.e. ShanghaiTech Campus dataset which results in competitive performance than current state-of-the-art methods. The model and the code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kapildeshpande/Anomaly-Detection-in-Surveillance-Videos" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.YOLOv5s-GTB: light-weighted and improved YOLOv5s for bridge crack detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01498.pdf)
>  In response to the situation that the conventional bridge crack manual detection method has a large amount of human and material resources wasted, this study is aimed to propose a light-weighted, high-precision, deep learning-based bridge apparent crack recognition model that can be deployed in mobile devices' scenarios. In order to enhance the performance of YOLOv5, firstly, the data augmentation methods are supplemented, and then the YOLOv5 series algorithm is trained to select a suitable basic framework. The YOLOv5s is identified as the basic framework for the light-weighted crack detection model through experiments for comparison and <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://validation.By" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> replacing the traditional DarkNet backbone network of YOLOv5s with GhostNet backbone network, introducing Transformer multi-headed self-attention mechanism and bi-directional feature pyramid network (BiFPN) to replace the commonly used feature pyramid network, the improved model not only has 42% fewer parameters and faster inference response, but also significantly outperforms the original model in terms of accuracy and mAP (8.5% and 1.1% improvement, respectively). Luckily each improved part has a positive impact on the result. This paper provides a feasible idea to establish a digital operation management system in the field of highway and bridge in the future and to implement the whole life cycle structure health monitoring of civil infrastructure in China.      
### 15.Distributional loss for convolutional neural network regression and application to GNSS multi-path estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01473.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) have been widely used in image classification. Over the years, they have also benefited from various enhancements and they are now considered as state of the art techniques for image like data. However, when they are used for regression to estimate some function value from images, fewer recommendations are available. In this study, a novel CNN regression model is proposed. It combines convolutional neural layers to extract high level features representations from images with a soft labelling technique. More specifically, as the deep regression task is challenging, the idea is to account for some uncertainty in the targets that are seen as distributions around their mean. The estimations are carried out by the model in the form of distributions. Building from earlier work, a specific histogram loss function based on the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence is applied during training. The model takes advantage of the CNN feature representation and is able to carry out estimation from multi-channel input images. To assess and illustrate the technique, the model is applied to Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) multi-path estimation where multi-path signal parameters have to be estimated from correlator output images from the I and Q channels. The multi-path signal delay, magnitude, Doppler shift frequency and phase parameters are estimated from synthetically generated datasets of satellite signals. Experiments are conducted under various receiving conditions and various input images resolutions to test the estimation performances quality and robustness. The results show that the proposed soft labelling CNN technique using distributional loss outperforms classical CNN regression under all conditions. Furthermore, the extra learning performance achieved by the model allows the reduction of input image resolution from 80x80 down to 40x40 or sometimes 20x20.      
### 16.Evaluating Transfer-based Targeted Adversarial Perturbations against Real-World Computer Vision Systems based on Human Judgments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01467.pdf)
>  Computer vision systems are remarkably vulnerable to adversarial perturbations. Transfer-based adversarial images are generated on one (source) system and used to attack another (target) system. In this paper, we take the first step to investigate transfer-based targeted adversarial images in a realistic scenario where the target system is trained on some private data with its inventory of semantic labels not publicly available. Our main contributions include an extensive human-judgment-based evaluation of attack success on the Google Cloud Vision API and additional analysis of the different behaviors of Google Cloud Vision in face of original images vs. adversarial images. Resources are publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhengyuZhao/Targeted-Tansfer/blob/main/google_results.zip" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 17.Zero-Shot Bird Species Recognition by Learning from Field Guides  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01466.pdf)
>  We exploit field guides to learn bird species recognition, in particular zero-shot recognition of unseen species. The illustrations contained in field guides deliberately focus on discriminative properties of a species, and can serve as side information to transfer knowledge from seen to unseen classes. We study two approaches: (1) a contrastive encoding of illustrations that can be fed into zero-shot learning schemes; and (2) a novel method that leverages the fact that illustrations are also images and as such structurally more similar to photographs than other kinds of side information. Our results show that illustrations from field guides, which are readily available for a wide range of species, are indeed a competitive source of side information. On the iNaturalist2021 subset, we obtain a harmonic mean from 749 seen and 739 unseen classes greater than $45\%$ (@top-10) and $15\%$ (@top-1). Which shows that field guides are a valuable option for challenging real-world scenarios with many species.      
### 18.Exploring Transformers for Behavioural Biometrics: A Case Study in Gait Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01441.pdf)
>  Biometrics on mobile devices has attracted a lot of attention in recent years as it is considered a user-friendly authentication method. This interest has also been motivated by the success of Deep Learning (DL). Architectures based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have been established to be convenient for the task, improving the performance and robustness in comparison to traditional machine learning techniques. However, some aspects must still be revisited and improved. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first article that intends to explore and propose novel gait biometric recognition systems based on Transformers, which currently obtain state-of-the-art performance in many applications. Several state-of-the-art architectures (Vanilla, Informer, Autoformer, Block-Recurrent Transformer, and THAT) are considered in the experimental framework. In addition, new configurations of the Transformers are proposed to further increase the performance. Experiments are carried out using the two popular public databases whuGAIT and OU-ISIR. The results achieved prove the high ability of the proposed Transformer, outperforming state-of-the-art CNN and RNN architectures.      
### 19.Learning rich optical embeddings for privacy-preserving lensless image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01429.pdf)
>  By replacing the lens with a thin optical element, lensless imaging enables new applications and solutions beyond those supported by traditional camera design and post-processing, e.g. compact and lightweight form factors and visual privacy. The latter arises from the highly multiplexed measurements of lensless cameras, which require knowledge of the imaging system to recover a recognizable image. In this work, we exploit this unique multiplexing property: casting the optics as an encoder that produces learned embeddings directly at the camera sensor. We do so in the context of image classification, where we jointly optimize the encoder's parameters and those of an image classifier in an end-to-end fashion. Our experiments show that jointly learning the lensless optical encoder and the digital processing allows for lower resolution embeddings at the sensor, and hence better privacy as it is much harder to recover meaningful images from these measurements. Additional experiments show that such an optimization allows for lensless measurements that are more robust to typical real-world image transformations. While this work focuses on classification, the proposed programmable lensless camera and end-to-end optimization can be applied to other computational imaging tasks.      
### 20.Learning an Adaptation Function to Assess Image Visual Similarities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01417.pdf)
>  Human perception is routinely assessing the similarity between images, both for decision making and creative thinking. But the underlying cognitive process is not really well understood yet, hence difficult to be mimicked by computer vision systems. State-of-the-art approaches using deep architectures are often based on the comparison of images described as feature vectors learned for image categorization task. As a consequence, such features are powerful to compare semantically related images but not really efficient to compare images visually similar but semantically unrelated. Inspired by previous works on neural features adaptation to psycho-cognitive representations, we focus here on the specific task of learning visual image similarities when analogy matters. We propose to compare different supervised, semi-supervised and self-supervised networks, pre-trained on distinct scales and contents datasets (such as ImageNet-21k, ImageNet-1K or VGGFace2) to conclude which model may be the best to approximate the visual cortex and learn only an adaptation function corresponding to the approximation of the the primate IT cortex through the metric learning framework. Our experiments conducted on the Totally Looks Like image dataset highlight the interest of our method, by increasing the retrieval scores of the best model @1 by 2.25x. This research work was recently accepted for publication at the ICIP 2021 international conference [1]. In this new article, we expand on this previous work by using and comparing new pre-trained feature extractors on other datasets.      
### 21.MetaLR: Layer-wise Learning Rate based on Meta-Learning for Adaptively Fine-tuning Medical Pre-trained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01408.pdf)
>  When applying transfer learning for medical image analysis, downstream tasks often have significant gaps with the pre-training tasks. Previous methods mainly focus on improving the transferabilities of the pre-trained models to bridge the gaps. In fact, model fine-tuning can also play a very important role in tackling this problem. A conventional fine-tuning method is updating all deep neural networks (DNNs) layers by a single learning rate (LR), which ignores the unique transferabilities of different layers. In this work, we explore the behaviors of different layers in the fine-tuning stage. More precisely, we first hypothesize that lower-level layers are more domain-specific while higher-level layers are more task-specific, which is verified by a simple bi-directional fine-tuning scheme. It is harder for the pre-trained specific layers to transfer to new tasks than general layers. On this basis, to make different layers better co-adapt to the downstream tasks according to their transferabilities, a meta-learning-based LR learner, namely MetaLR, is proposed to assign LRs for each layer automatically. Extensive experiments on various medical applications (i.e., POCUS, BUSI, Chest X-ray, and LiTS) well confirm our hypothesis and show the superior performance of the proposed methods to previous state-of-the-art fine-tuning methods.      
### 22.End-to-End 3D Hand Pose Estimation from Stereo Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01384.pdf)
>  This work proposes an end-to-end approach to estimate full 3D hand pose from stereo cameras. Most existing methods of estimating hand pose from stereo cameras apply stereo matching to obtain depth map and use depth-based solution to estimate hand pose. In contrast, we propose to bypass the stereo matching and directly estimate the 3D hand pose from the stereo image pairs. The proposed neural network architecture extends from any keypoint predictor to estimate the sparse disparity of the hand joints. In order to effectively train the model, we propose a large scale synthetic dataset that is composed of stereo image pairs and ground truth 3D hand pose annotations. Experiments show that the proposed approach outperforms the existing methods based on the stereo depth.      
### 23.CF-YOLO: Cross Fusion YOLO for Object Detection in Adverse Weather with a High-quality Real Snow Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01381.pdf)
>  Snow is one of the toughest adverse weather conditions for object detection (OD). Currently, not only there is a lack of snowy OD datasets to train cutting-edge detectors, but also these detectors have difficulties learning latent information beneficial for detection in snow. To alleviate the two above problems, we first establish a real-world snowy OD dataset, named RSOD. Besides, we develop an unsupervised training strategy with a distinctive activation function, called $Peak \ Act$, to quantitatively evaluate the effect of snow on each object. Peak Act helps grading the images in RSOD into four-difficulty levels. To our knowledge, RSOD is the first quantitatively evaluated and graded snowy OD dataset. Then, we propose a novel Cross Fusion (CF) block to construct a lightweight OD network based on YOLOv5s (call CF-YOLO). CF is a plug-and-play feature aggregation module, which integrates the advantages of Feature Pyramid Network and Path Aggregation Network in a simpler yet more flexible form. Both RSOD and CF lead our CF-YOLO to possess an optimization ability for OD in real-world snow. That is, CF-YOLO can handle unfavorable detection problems of vagueness, distortion and covering of snow. Experiments show that our CF-YOLO achieves better detection results on RSOD, compared to SOTAs. The code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/qqding77/CF-YOLO-and-RSOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Slot Order Matters for Compositional Scene Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01370.pdf)
>  Empowering agents with a compositional understanding of their environment is a promising next step toward solving long-horizon planning problems. On the one hand, we have seen encouraging progress on variational inference algorithms for obtaining sets of object-centric latent representations ("slots") from unstructured scene observations. On the other hand, generating scenes from slots has received less attention, in part because it is complicated by the lack of a canonical object order. A canonical object order is useful for learning the object correlations necessary to generate physically plausible scenes similar to how raster scan order facilitates learning pixel correlations for pixel-level autoregressive image generation. In this work, we address this lack by learning a fixed object order for a hierarchical variational autoencoder with a single level of autoregressive slots and a global scene prior. We cast autoregressive slot inference as a set-to-sequence modeling problem. We introduce an auxiliary loss to train the slot prior to generate objects in a fixed order. During inference, we align a set of inferred slots to the object order obtained from a slot prior rollout. To ensure the rolled out objects are meaningful for the given scene, we condition the prior on an inferred global summary of the input. Experiments on compositional environments and ablations demonstrate that our model with global prior, inference with aligned slot order, and auxiliary loss achieves state-of-the-art sample quality.      
### 25.Incremental Learning Meets Transfer Learning: Application to Multi-site Prostate MRI Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01369.pdf)
>  Many medical datasets have recently been created for medical image segmentation tasks, and it is natural to question whether we can use them to sequentially train a single model that (1) performs better on all these datasets, and (2) generalizes well and transfers better to the unknown target site domain. Prior works have achieved this goal by jointly training one model on multi-site datasets, which achieve competitive performance on average but such methods rely on the assumption about the availability of all training data, thus limiting its effectiveness in practical deployment. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-site segmentation framework called incremental-transfer learning (ITL), which learns a model from multi-site datasets in an end-to-end sequential fashion. Specifically, "incremental" refers to training sequentially constructed datasets, and "transfer" is achieved by leveraging useful information from the linear combination of embedding features on each dataset. In addition, we introduce our ITL framework, where we train the network including a site-agnostic encoder with pre-trained weights and at most two segmentation decoder heads. We also design a novel site-level incremental loss in order to generalize well on the target domain. Second, we show for the first time that leveraging our ITL training scheme is able to alleviate challenging catastrophic forgetting problems in incremental learning. We conduct experiments using five challenging benchmark datasets to validate the effectiveness of our incremental-transfer learning approach. Our approach makes minimal assumptions on computation resources and domain-specific expertise, and hence constitutes a strong starting point in multi-site medical image segmentation.      
### 26.Adversarial Attacks on Human Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01365.pdf)
>  This article presents an introduction to visual attention retargeting, its connection to visual saliency, the challenges associated with it, and ideas for how it can be approached. The difficulty of attention retargeting as a saliency inversion problem lies in the lack of one-to-one mapping between saliency and the image domain, in addition to the possible negative impact of saliency alterations on image aesthetics. A few approaches from recent literature to solve this challenging problem are reviewed, and several suggestions for future development are presented.      
### 27.Long Scale Error Control in Low Light Image and Video Enhancement Using Equivariance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01334.pdf)
>  Image frames obtained in darkness are special. Just multiplying by a constant doesn't restore the image. Shot noise, quantization effects and camera non-linearities mean that colors and relative light levels are estimated poorly. Current methods learn a mapping using real dark-bright image pairs. These are very hard to capture. A recent paper has shown that simulated data pairs produce real improvements in restoration, likely because huge volumes of simulated data are easy to obtain. In this paper, we show that respecting equivariance -- the color of a restored pixel should be the same, however the image is cropped -- produces real improvements over the state of the art for restoration. We show that a scale selection mechanism can be used to improve reconstructions. Finally, we show that our approach produces improvements on video restoration as well. Our methods are evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 28.RELAY: Robotic EyeLink AnalYsis of the EyeLink 1000 using an Artificial Eye  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01327.pdf)
>  There is a widespread assumption that the peak velocities of visually guided saccades in the dark are up to 10~\% slower than those made in the light. Studies that questioned the impact of the surrounding brightness conditions, come to differing conclusions, whether they have an influence or not and if so, in which manner. The problem is of a complex nature as the illumination condition itself may not contribute to different measured peak velocities solely but in combination with the estimation of the pupil size due to its deformation during saccades or different gaze positions. Even the measurement technique of video-based eye tracking itself could play a significant role. To investigate this issue, we constructed a stepper motor driven artificial eye with fixed pupil size to mimic human saccades with predetermined peak velocity \&amp; amplitudes under three different brightness conditions with the EyeLink 1000, one of the most common used eye trackers. The aim was to control the pupil and brightness. With our device, an overall good accuracy and precision of the EyeLink 1000 could be confirmed. Furthermore, we could find that there is no artifact for pupil based eye tracking in relation to changing brightness conditions, neither for the pupil size nor for the peak velocities. What we found, was a systematic, small, yet significant change of the measured pupil sizes as a function of different gaze directions.      
### 29.Improving Fairness in Large-Scale Object Recognition by CrowdSourced Demographic Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01326.pdf)
>  There has been increasing awareness of ethical issues in machine learning, and fairness has become an important research topic. Most fairness efforts in computer vision have been focused on human sensing applications and preventing discrimination by people's physical attributes such as race, skin color or age by increasing visual representation for particular demographic groups. We argue that ML fairness efforts should extend to object recognition as well. Buildings, artwork, food and clothing are examples of the objects that define human culture. Representing these objects fairly in machine learning datasets will lead to models that are less biased towards a particular culture and more inclusive of different traditions and values. There exist many research datasets for object recognition, but they have not carefully considered which classes should be included, or how much training data should be collected per class. To address this, we propose a simple and general approach, based on crowdsourcing the demographic composition of the contributors: we define fair relevance scores, estimate them, and assign them to each class. We showcase its application to the landmark recognition domain, presenting a detailed analysis and the final fairer landmark rankings. We present analysis which leads to a much fairer coverage of the world compared to existing datasets. The evaluation dataset was used for the 2021 Google Landmark Challenges, which was the first of a kind with an emphasis on fairness in generic object recognition.      
### 30.Learning Unbiased Transferability for Domain Adaptation by Uncertainty Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01319.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) aims to transfer knowledge learned from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled or a less labeled but related target domain. Ideally, the source and target distributions should be aligned to each other equally to achieve unbiased knowledge transfer. However, due to the significant imbalance between the amount of annotated data in the source and target domains, usually only the target distribution is aligned to the source domain, leading to adapting unnecessary source specific knowledge to the target domain, i.e., biased domain adaptation. To resolve this problem, in this work, we delve into the transferability estimation problem in domain adaptation and propose a non-intrusive Unbiased Transferability Estimation Plug-in (UTEP) by modeling the uncertainty of a discriminator in adversarial-based DA methods to optimize unbiased transfer. We theoretically analyze the effectiveness of the proposed approach to unbiased transferability learning in DA. Furthermore, to alleviate the impact of imbalanced annotated data, we utilize the estimated uncertainty for pseudo label selection of unlabeled samples in the target domain, which helps achieve better marginal and conditional distribution alignments between domains. Extensive experimental results on a high variety of DA benchmark datasets show that the proposed approach can be readily incorporated into various adversarial-based DA methods, achieving state-of-the-art performance.      
### 31.H-EMD: A Hierarchical Earth Mover's Distance Method for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01309.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) based semantic segmentation methods have achieved excellent performance in biomedical image segmentation, producing high quality probability maps to allow extraction of rich instance information to facilitate good instance segmentation. While numerous efforts were put into developing new DL semantic segmentation models, less attention was paid to a key issue of how to effectively explore their probability maps to attain the best possible instance segmentation. We observe that probability maps by DL semantic segmentation models can be used to generate many possible instance candidates, and accurate instance segmentation can be achieved by selecting from them a set of "optimized" candidates as output instances. Further, the generated instance candidates form a well-behaved hierarchical structure (a forest), which allows selecting instances in an optimized manner. Hence, we propose a novel framework, called hierarchical earth mover's distance (H-EMD), for instance segmentation in biomedical 2D+time videos and 3D images, which judiciously incorporates consistent instance selection with semantic-segmentation-generated probability maps. H-EMD contains two main stages. (1) Instance candidate generation: capturing instance-structured information in probability maps by generating many instance candidates in a forest structure. (2) Instance candidate selection: selecting instances from the candidate set for final instance segmentation. We formulate a key instance selection problem on the instance candidate forest as an optimization problem based on the earth mover's distance (EMD), and solve it by integer linear programming. Extensive experiments on eight biomedical video or 3D datasets demonstrate that H-EMD consistently boosts DL semantic segmentation models and is highly competitive with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.Lossless Compression of Point Cloud Sequences Using Sequence Optimized CNN Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01297.pdf)
>  We propose a new paradigm for encoding the geometry of point cloud sequences, where the convolutional neural network (CNN) which estimates the encoding distributions is optimized on several frames of the sequence to be compressed. We adopt lightweight CNN structures, we perform training as part of the encoding process, and the CNN parameters are transmitted as part of the bitstream. The newly proposed encoding scheme operates on the octree representation for each point cloud, encoding consecutively each octree resolution layer. At every octree resolution layer, the voxel grid is traversed section-by-section (each section being perpendicular to a selected coordinate axis) and in each section the occupancies of groups of two-by-two voxels are encoded at once, in a single arithmetic coding operation. A context for the conditional encoding distribution is defined for each two-by-two group of voxels, based on the information available about the occupancy of neighbor voxels in the current and lower resolution layers of the octree. The CNN estimates the probability distributions of occupancy patterns of all voxel groups from one section in four phases. In each new phase the contexts are updated with the occupancies encoded in the previous phase, and each phase estimates the probabilities in parallel, providing a reasonable trade-off between the parallelism of processing and the informativeness of the contexts. The CNN training time is comparable to the time spent in the remaining encoding steps, leading to competitive overall encoding times. Bitrates and encoding-decoding times compare favorably with those of recently published compression schemes.      
### 33.Points2NeRF: Generating Neural Radiance Fields from 3D point cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01290.pdf)
>  Contemporary registration devices for 3D visual information, such as LIDARs and various depth cameras, capture data as 3D point clouds. In turn, such clouds are challenging to be processed due to their size and complexity. Existing methods address this problem by fitting a mesh to the point cloud and rendering it instead. This approach, however, leads to the reduced fidelity of the resulting visualization and misses color information of the objects crucial in computer graphics applications. In this work, we propose to mitigate this challenge by representing 3D objects as Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs). We leverage a hypernetwork paradigm and train the model to take a 3D point cloud with the associated color values and return a NeRF network's weights that reconstruct 3D objects from input 2D images. Our method provides efficient 3D object representation and offers several advantages over the existing approaches, including the ability to condition NeRFs and improved generalization beyond objects seen in training. The latter we also confirmed in the results of our empirical evaluation.      
### 34.PETRv2: A Unified Framework for 3D Perception from Multi-Camera Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01256.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose PETRv2, a unified framework for 3D perception from multi-view images. Based on PETR, PETRv2 explores the effectiveness of temporal modeling, which utilizes the temporal information of previous frames to boost 3D object detection. More specifically, we extend the 3D position embedding (3D PE) in PETR for temporal modeling. The 3D PE achieves the temporal alignment on object position of different frames. A feature-guided position encoder is further introduced to improve the data adaptability of 3D PE. To support for high-quality BEV segmentation, PETRv2 provides a simply yet effective solution by adding a set of segmentation queries. Each segmentation query is responsible for segmenting one specific patch of BEV map. PETRv2 achieves state-of-the-art performance on 3D object detection and BEV segmentation. Detailed robustness analysis is also conducted on PETR framework. We hope PETRv2 can serve as a unified framework for 3D perception.      
### 35.Real-Time Portrait Stylization on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01244.pdf)
>  In this work we demonstrate real-time portrait stylization, specifically, translating self-portrait into cartoon or anime style on mobile devices. We propose a latency-driven differentiable architecture search method, maintaining realistic generative quality. With our framework, we obtain $10\times$ computation reduction on the generative model and achieve real-time video stylization on off-the-shelf smartphone using mobile GPUs.      
### 36.What Are Expected Queries in End-to-End Object Detection?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01232.pdf)
>  End-to-end object detection is rapidly progressed after the emergence of DETR. DETRs use a set of sparse queries that replace the dense candidate boxes in most traditional detectors. In comparison, the sparse queries cannot guarantee a high recall as dense priors. However, making queries dense is not trivial in current frameworks. It not only suffers from heavy computational cost but also difficult optimization. As both sparse and dense queries are imperfect, then \emph{what are expected queries in end-to-end object detection}? This paper shows that the expected queries should be Dense Distinct Queries (DDQ). Concretely, we introduce dense priors back to the framework to generate dense queries. A duplicate query removal pre-process is applied to these queries so that they are distinguishable from each other. The dense distinct queries are then iteratively processed to obtain final sparse outputs. We show that DDQ is stronger, more robust, and converges faster. It obtains 44.5 AP on the MS COCO detection dataset with only 12 epochs. DDQ is also robust as it outperforms previous methods on both object detection and instance segmentation tasks on various datasets. DDQ blends advantages from traditional dense priors and recent end-to-end detectors. We hope it can serve as a new baseline and inspires researchers to revisit the complementarity between traditional methods and end-to-end detectors. The source code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jshilong/DDQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.Dynamic Kernel Selection for Improved Generalization and Memory Efficiency in Meta-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01690.pdf)
>  Gradient based meta-learning methods are prone to overfit on the meta-training set, and this behaviour is more prominent with large and complex networks. Moreover, large networks restrict the application of meta-learning models on low-power edge devices. While choosing smaller networks avoid these issues to a certain extent, it affects the overall generalization leading to reduced performance. Clearly, there is an approximately optimal choice of network architecture that is best suited for every meta-learning problem, however, identifying it beforehand is not straightforward. In this paper, we present MetaDOCK, a task-specific dynamic kernel selection strategy for designing compressed CNN models that generalize well on unseen tasks in meta-learning. Our method is based on the hypothesis that for a given set of similar tasks, not all kernels of the network are needed by each individual task. Rather, each task uses only a fraction of the kernels, and the selection of the kernels per task can be learnt dynamically as a part of the inner update steps. MetaDOCK compresses the meta-model as well as the task-specific inner models, thus providing significant reduction in model size for each task, and through constraining the number of active kernels for every task, it implicitly mitigates the issue of meta-overfitting. We show that for the same inference budget, pruned versions of large CNN models obtained using our approach consistently outperform the conventional choices of CNN models. MetaDOCK couples well with popular meta-learning approaches such as iMAML. The efficacy of our method is validated on CIFAR-fs and mini-ImageNet datasets, and we have observed that our approach can provide improvements in model accuracy of up to 2% on standard meta-learning benchmark, while reducing the model size by more than 75%.      
### 38.Mirror modular cloning and fast quantum associative retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01644.pdf)
>  We show that a quantum state can be perfectly cloned up to global mirroring with a unitary transformation that depends on one single parameter. We then show that this is equivalent to "perfect" cloning for quantum associative memories which, as a consequence efficiently hold exponentially more information than their classical counterparts. Finally, we present a quantum associative retrieval algorithm which can correct corrupted inputs and is exponentially faster than the Grover algorithm.      
### 39.Reinforcement Learning with Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01634.pdf)
>  It is a long-standing problem to find effective representations for training reinforcement learning (RL) agents. This paper demonstrates that learning state representations with supervision from Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs) can improve the performance of RL compared to other learned representations or even low-dimensional, hand-engineered state information. Specifically, we propose to train an encoder that maps multiple image observations to a latent space describing the objects in the scene. The decoder built from a latent-conditioned NeRF serves as the supervision signal to learn the latent space. An RL algorithm then operates on the learned latent space as its state representation. We call this NeRF-RL. Our experiments indicate that NeRF as supervision leads to a latent space better suited for the downstream RL tasks involving robotic object manipulations like hanging mugs on hooks, pushing objects, or opening doors. Video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dannydriess.github.io/nerf-rl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.OmniXAI: A Library for Explainable AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01612.pdf)
>  We introduce OmniXAI, an open-source Python library of eXplainable AI (XAI), which offers omni-way explainable AI capabilities and various interpretable machine learning techniques to address the pain points of understanding and interpreting the decisions made by machine learning (ML) in practice. OmniXAI aims to be a one-stop comprehensive library that makes explainable AI easy for data scientists, ML researchers and practitioners who need explanation for various types of data, models and explanation methods at different stages of ML process (data exploration, feature engineering, model development, evaluation, and decision-making, etc). In particular, our library includes a rich family of explanation methods integrated in a unified interface, which supports multiple data types (tabular data, images, texts, time-series), multiple types of ML models (traditional ML in Scikit-learn and deep learning models in PyTorch/TensorFlow), and a range of diverse explanation methods including "model-specific" and "model-agnostic" ones (such as feature-attribution explanation, counterfactual explanation, gradient-based explanation, etc). For practitioners, the library provides an easy-to-use unified interface to generate the explanations for their applications by only writing a few lines of codes, and also a GUI dashboard for visualization of different explanations for more insights about decisions. In this technical report, we present OmniXAI's design principles, system architectures, and major functionalities, and also demonstrate several example use cases across different types of data, tasks, and models.      
### 41.LenslessPiCam: A Hardware and Software Platform for Lensless Computational Imaging with a Raspberry Pi  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01430.pdf)
>  Lensless imaging seeks to replace/remove the lens in a conventional imaging system. The earliest cameras were in fact lensless, relying on long exposure times to form images on the other end of a small aperture in a darkened room/container (camera obscura). The introduction of a lens allowed for more light throughput and therefore shorter exposure times, while retaining sharp focus. The incorporation of digital sensors readily enabled the use of computational imaging techniques to post-process and enhance raw images (e.g. via deblurring, inpainting, denoising, sharpening). Recently, imaging scientists have started leveraging computational imaging as an integral part of lensless imaging systems, allowing them to form viewable images from the highly multiplexed raw measurements of lensless cameras (see [5] and references therein for a comprehensive treatment of lensless imaging). This represents a real paradigm shift in camera system design as there is more flexibility to cater the hardware to the application at hand (e.g. lightweight or flat designs). This increased flexibility comes however at the price of a more demanding post-processing of the raw digital recordings and a tighter integration of sensing and computation, often difficult to achieve in practice due to inefficient interactions between the various communities of scientists involved. With LenslessPiCam, we provide an easily accessible hardware and software framework to enable researchers, hobbyists, and students to implement and explore practical and computational aspects of lensless imaging. We also provide detailed guides and exercises so that LenslessPiCam can be used as an educational resource, and point to results from our graduate-level signal processing course.      
### 42.Dynamic Structured Illumination Microscopy with a Neural Space-time Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01397.pdf)
>  Structured illumination microscopy (SIM) reconstructs a super-resolved image from multiple raw images; hence, acquisition speed is limited, making it unsuitable for dynamic scenes. We propose a new method, Speckle Flow SIM, that models sample motion during the data capture in order to reconstruct dynamic scenes with super-resolution. Speckle Flow SIM uses fixed speckle illumination and relies on sample motion to capture a sequence of raw images. Then, the spatio-temporal relationship of the dynamic scene is modeled using a neural space-time model with coordinate-based multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs), and the motion dynamics and the super-resolved scene are jointly recovered. We validated Speckle Flow SIM in simulation and built a simple, inexpensive experimental setup with off-the-shelf components. We demonstrated that Speckle Flow SIM can reconstruct a dynamic scene with deformable motion and 1.88x the diffraction-limited resolution in experiment.      
### 43.Falconn++: A Locality-sensitive Filtering Approach for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01382.pdf)
>  We present Falconn++, a novel locality-sensitive filtering (LSF) approach for approximate nearest neighbor search on angular distance. Falconn++ can filter out potential far away points in any hash bucket before querying, which results in higher quality candidates compared to other hashing-based solutions. Theoretically, Falconn++ asymptotically achieves lower query time complexity than Falconn, an optimal locality-sensitive hashing scheme on angular distance. Empirically, Falconn++ achieves a higher recall-speed tradeoff than Falconn on many real-world data sets. Falconn++ is also competitive against HNSW, an efficient representative of graph-based solutions on high search recall regimes.      
### 44.Supernet Training for Federated Image Classification under System Heterogeneity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01366.pdf)
>  Efficient deployment of deep neural networks across many devices and resource constraints, especially on edge devices, is one of the most challenging problems in the presence of data-privacy preservation issues. Conventional approaches have evolved to either improve a single global model while keeping each local training data decentralized (i.e., data-heterogeneity) or to train a once-for-all network that supports diverse architectural settings to address heterogeneous systems equipped with different computational capabilities (i.e., model-heterogeneity). However, little research has considered both directions simultaneously. In this work, we propose a novel framework to consider both scenarios, namely Federation of Supernet Training (FedSup), where clients send and receive a supernet whereby it contains all possible architectures sampled from itself. It is inspired by how averaging parameters in the model aggregation stage of Federated Learning (FL) is similar to weight-sharing in supernet training. Specifically, in the FedSup framework, a weight-sharing approach widely used in the training single shot model is combined with the averaging of Federated Learning (FedAvg). Under our framework, we present an efficient algorithm (E-FedSup) by sending the sub-model to clients in the broadcast stage for reducing communication costs and training overhead. We demonstrate several strategies to enhance supernet training in the FL environment and conduct extensive empirical evaluations. The resulting framework is shown to pave the way for the robustness of both data- and model-heterogeneity on several standard benchmarks.      
### 45.Detecting Pulmonary Embolism from Computed Tomography Using Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01344.pdf)
>  The clinical symptoms of pulmonary embolism (PE) are very diverse and non-specific, which makes it difficult to diagnose. In addition, pulmonary embolism has multiple triggers and is one of the major causes of vascular death. Therefore, if it can be detected and treated quickly, it can significantly reduce the risk of death in hospitalized patients. In the detection process, the cost of computed tomography pulmonary angiography (CTPA) is high, and angiography requires the injection of contrast agents, which increase the risk of damage to the patient. Therefore, this study will use a deep learning approach to detect pulmonary embolism in all patients who take a CT image of the chest using a convolutional neural network. With the proposed pulmonary embolism detection system, we can detect the possibility of pulmonary embolism at the same time as the patient's first CT image, and schedule the CTPA test immediately, saving more than a week of CT image screening time and providing timely diagnosis and treatment to the patient.      
### 46.Expressiveness and Learnability: A Unifying View for Evaluating Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.01251.pdf)
>  We propose a unifying view to analyze the representation quality of self-supervised learning (SSL) models without access to supervised labels, while being agnostic to the architecture, learning algorithm or data manipulation used during training. We argue that representations can be evaluated through the lens of expressiveness and learnability. We propose to use the Intrinsic Dimension (ID) to assess expressiveness and introduce Cluster Learnability (CL) to assess learnability. CL is measured as the learning speed of a KNN classifier trained to predict labels obtained by clustering the representations with K-means. We thus combine CL and ID into a single predictor: CLID. Through a large-scale empirical study with a diverse family of SSL algorithms, we find that CLID better correlates with in-distribution model performance than other competing recent evaluation schemes. We also benchmark CLID on out-of-domain generalization, where CLID serves as a predictor of the transfer performance of SSL models on several classification tasks, yielding improvements with respect to the competing baselines.      
