# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 30 Jun 2022
### 1.3D-Aware Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14797.pdf)
>  Generative models have emerged as an essential building block for many image synthesis and editing tasks. Recent advances in this field have also enabled high-quality 3D or video content to be generated that exhibits either multi-view or temporal consistency. With our work, we explore 4D generative adversarial networks (GANs) that learn unconditional generation of 3D-aware videos. By combining neural implicit representations with time-aware discriminator, we develop a GAN framework that synthesizes 3D video supervised only with monocular videos. We show that our method learns a rich embedding of decomposable 3D structures and motions that enables new visual effects of spatio-temporal renderings while producing imagery with quality comparable to that of existing 3D or video GANs.      
### 2.GO-Surf: Neural Feature Grid Optimization for Fast, High-Fidelity RGB-D Surface Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14735.pdf)
>  We present GO-Surf, a direct feature grid optimization method for accurate and fast surface reconstruction from RGB-D sequences. We model the underlying scene with a learned hierarchical feature voxel grid that encapsulates multi-level geometric and appearance local information. Feature vectors are directly optimized such that after being tri-linearly interpolated, decoded by two shallow MLPs into signed distance and radiance values, and rendered via surface volume rendering, the discrepancy between synthesized and observed RGB/depth values is minimized. Our supervision signals -- RGB, depth and approximate SDF -- can be obtained directly from input images without any need for fusion or post-processing. We formulate a novel SDF gradient regularization term that encourages surface smoothness and hole filling while maintaining high frequency details. GO-Surf can optimize sequences of $1$-$2$K frames in $15$-$45$ minutes, a speedup of $\times60$ over NeuralRGB-D, the most related approach based on an MLP representation, while maintaining on par performance on standard benchmarks. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jingwenwang95.github.io/go_surf/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.LViT: Language meets Vision Transformer in Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14718.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been widely used in medical image segmentation and other aspects. However, the performance of existing medical image segmentation models has been limited by the challenge of obtaining sufficient number of high-quality data with the high cost of data annotation. To overcome the limitation, we propose a new vision-language medical image segmentation model LViT (Language meets Vision Transformer). In our model, medical text annotation is introduced to compensate for the quality deficiency in image data. In addition, the text information can guide the generation of pseudo labels to a certain extent and further guarantee the quality of pseudo labels in semi-supervised learning. We also propose the Exponential Pseudo label Iteration mechanism (EPI) to help extend the semi-supervised version of LViT and the Pixel-Level Attention Module (PLAM) to preserve local features of images. In our model, LV (Language-Vision) loss is designed to supervise the training of unlabeled images using text information directly. To validate the performance of LViT, we construct multimodal medical segmentation datasets (image + text) containing pathological images, X-rays,etc. Experimental results show that our proposed LViT has better segmentation performance in both fully and semi-supervised conditions. Code and datasets are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/LViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Interventional Contrastive Learning with Meta Semantic Regularizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14702.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning (CL)-based self-supervised learning models learn visual representations in a pairwise manner. Although the prevailing CL model has achieved great progress, in this paper, we uncover an ever-overlooked phenomenon: When the CL model is trained with full images, the performance tested in full images is better than that in foreground areas; when the CL model is trained with foreground areas, the performance tested in full images is worse than that in foreground areas. This observation reveals that backgrounds in images may interfere with the model learning semantic information and their influence has not been fully eliminated. To tackle this issue, we build a Structural Causal Model (SCM) to model the background as a confounder. We propose a backdoor adjustment-based regularization method, namely Interventional Contrastive Learning with Meta Semantic Regularizer (ICL-MSR), to perform causal intervention towards the proposed SCM. ICL-MSR can be incorporated into any existing CL methods to alleviate background distractions from representation learning. Theoretically, we prove that ICL-MSR achieves a tighter error bound. Empirically, our experiments on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate that ICL-MSR is able to improve the performances of different state-of-the-art CL methods.      
### 5.BoT-SORT: Robust Associations Multi-Pedestrian Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14651.pdf)
>  The goal of multi-object tracking (MOT) is detecting and tracking all the objects in a scene, while keeping a unique identifier for each object. In this paper, we present a new robust state-of-the-art tracker, which can combine the advantages of motion and appearance information, along with camera-motion compensation, and a more accurate Kalman filter state vector. Our new trackers BoT-SORT, and BoT-SORT-ReID rank first in the datasets of MOTChallenge [29, 11] on both MOT17 and MOT20 test sets, in terms of all the main MOT metrics: MOTA, IDF1, and HOTA. For MOT17: 80.5 MOTA, 80.2 IDF1, and 65.0 HOTA are achieved. The source code and the pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NirAharon/BOT-SORT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 6.Technical Report for CVPR 2022 LOVEU AQTC Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14555.pdf)
>  This technical report presents the 2nd winning model for AQTC, a task newly introduced in CVPR 2022 LOng-form VidEo Understanding (LOVEU) challenges. This challenge faces difficulties with multi-step answers, multi-modal, and diverse and changing button representations in video. We address this problem by proposing a new context ground module attention mechanism for more effective feature mapping. In addition, we also perform the analysis over the number of buttons and ablation study of different step networks and video features. As a result, we achieved the overall 2nd place in LOVEU competition track 3, specifically the 1st place in two out of four evaluation metrics. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jaykim9870/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> CVPR-22_LOVEU_unipyler.      
### 7.Uncertainty-aware Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14554.pdf)
>  Reliable scene understanding is indispensable for modern autonomous systems. Current learning-based methods typically try to maximize their performance based on segmentation metrics that only consider the quality of the segmentation. However, for the safe operation of a system in the real world it is crucial to consider the uncertainty in the prediction as well. In this work, we introduce the novel task of uncertainty-aware panoptic segmentation, which aims to predict per-pixel semantic and instance segmentations, together with per-pixel uncertainty estimates. We define two novel metrics to facilitate its quantitative analysis, the uncertainty-aware Panoptic Quality (uPQ) and the panoptic Expected Calibration Error (pECE). We further propose the novel top-down Evidential Panoptic Segmentation Network (EvPSNet) to solve this task. Our architecture employs a simple yet effective probabilistic fusion module that leverages the predicted uncertainties. Additionally, we propose a new Lovász evidential loss function to optimize the IoU for the segmentation utilizing the probabilities provided by deep evidential learning. Furthermore, we provide several strong baselines combining state-of-the-art panoptic segmentation networks with sampling-free uncertainty estimation techniques. Extensive evaluations show that our EvPSNet achieves the new state-of-the-art for the standard Panoptic Quality (PQ), as well as for our uncertainty-aware panoptic metrics.      
### 8.vMFNet: Compositionality Meets Domain-generalised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14538.pdf)
>  Training medical image segmentation models usually requires a large amount of labeled data. By contrast, humans can quickly learn to accurately recognise anatomy of interest from medical (e.g. MRI and CT) images with some limited guidance. Such recognition ability can easily generalise to new images from different clinical centres. This rapid and generalisable learning ability is mostly due to the compositional structure of image patterns in the human brain, which is less incorporated in medical image segmentation. In this paper, we model the compositional components (i.e. patterns) of human anatomy as learnable von-Mises-Fisher (vMF) kernels, which are robust to images collected from different domains (e.g. clinical centres). The image features can be decomposed to (or composed by) the components with the composing operations, i.e. the vMF likelihoods. The vMF likelihoods tell how likely each anatomical part is at each position of the image. Hence, the segmentation mask can be predicted based on the vMF likelihoods. Moreover, with a reconstruction module, unlabeled data can also be used to learn the vMF kernels and likelihoods by recombining them to reconstruct the input image. Extensive experiments show that the proposed vMFNet achieves improved generalisation performance on two benchmarks, especially when annotations are limited. Code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vios-s/vMFNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Siamese Contrastive Embedding Network for Compositional Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14475.pdf)
>  Compositional Zero-Shot Learning (CZSL) aims to recognize unseen compositions formed from seen state and object during training. Since the same state may be various in the visual appearance while entangled with different objects, CZSL is still a challenging task. Some methods recognize state and object with two trained classifiers, ignoring the impact of the interaction between object and state; the other methods try to learn the joint representation of the state-object compositions, leading to the domain gap between seen and unseen composition sets. In this paper, we propose a novel Siamese Contrastive Embedding Network (SCEN) (Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XDUxyLi/SCEN-master" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) for unseen composition recognition. Considering the entanglement between state and object, we embed the visual feature into a Siamese Contrastive Space to capture prototypes of them separately, alleviating the interaction between state and object. In addition, we design a State Transition Module (STM) to increase the diversity of training compositions, improving the robustness of the recognition model. Extensive experiments indicate that our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches on three challenging benchmark datasets, including the recent proposed C-QGA dataset.      
### 10.Single-domain Generalization in Medical Image Segmentation via Test-time Adaptation from Shape Dictionary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14467.pdf)
>  Domain generalization typically requires data from multiple source domains for model learning. However, such strong assumption may not always hold in practice, especially in medical field where the data sharing is highly concerned and sometimes prohibitive due to privacy issue. This paper studies the important yet challenging single domain generalization problem, in which a model is learned under the worst-case scenario with only one source domain to directly generalize to different unseen target domains. We present a novel approach to address this problem in medical image segmentation, which extracts and integrates the semantic shape prior information of segmentation that are invariant across domains and can be well-captured even from single domain data to facilitate segmentation under distribution shifts. Besides, a test-time adaptation strategy with dual-consistency regularization is further devised to promote dynamic incorporation of these shape priors under each unseen domain to improve model generalizability. Extensive experiments on two medical image segmentation tasks demonstrate the consistent improvements of our method across various unseen domains, as well as its superiority over state-of-the-art approaches in addressing domain generalization under the worst-case scenario.      
### 11.SRCN3D: Sparse R-CNN 3D Surround-View Camera Object Detection and Tracking for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14451.pdf)
>  Detection And Tracking of Moving Objects (DATMO) is an essential component in environmental perception for autonomous driving. While 3D detectors using surround-view cameras are just flourishing, there is a growing tendency of using different transformer-based methods to learn queries in 3D space from 2D feature maps of perspective view. This paper proposes Sparse R-CNN 3D (SRCN3D), a novel two-stage fully-convolutional mapping pipeline for surround-view camera detection and tracking. SRCN3D adopts a cascade structure with twin-track update of both fixed number of proposal boxes and proposal latent features. Proposal boxes are projected to perspective view so as to aggregate Region of Interest (RoI) local features. Based on that, proposal features are refined via a dynamic instance interactive head, which then generates classification and the offsets applied to original bounding boxes. Compared to prior arts, our sparse feature sampling module only utilizes local 2D features for adjustment of each corresponding 3D proposal box, leading to a complete sparse paradigm. The proposal features and appearance features are both taken in data association process in a multi-hypotheses 3D multi-object tracking approach. Extensive experiments on nuScenes dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed SRCN3D detector and tracker. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/synsin0/SRCN3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.MaNi: Maximizing Mutual Information for Nuclei Cross-Domain Unsupervised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14437.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a mutual information (MI) based unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) method for the cross-domain nuclei segmentation. Nuclei vary substantially in structure and appearances across different cancer types, leading to a drop in performance of deep learning models when trained on one cancer type and tested on another. This domain shift becomes even more critical as accurate segmentation and quantification of nuclei is an essential histopathology task for the diagnosis/ prognosis of patients and annotating nuclei at the pixel level for new cancer types demands extensive effort by medical experts. To address this problem, we maximize the MI between labeled source cancer type data and unlabeled target cancer type data for transferring nuclei segmentation knowledge across domains. We use the Jensen-Shanon divergence bound, requiring only one negative pair per positive pair for MI maximization. We evaluate our set-up for multiple modeling frameworks and on different datasets comprising of over 20 cancer-type domain shifts and demonstrate competitive performance. All the recently proposed approaches consist of multiple components for improving the domain adaptation, whereas our proposed module is light and can be easily incorporated into other methods (Implementation: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YashSharma/MaNi" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> ).      
### 13.The Lighter The Better: Rethinking Transformers in Medical Image Segmentation Through Adaptive Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14413.pdf)
>  Vision transformers have recently set off a new wave in the field of medical image analysis due to their remarkable performance on various computer vision tasks. However, recent hybrid-/transformer-based approaches mainly focus on the benefits of transformers in capturing long-range dependency while ignoring the issues of their daunting computational complexity, high training costs, and redundant dependency. In this paper, we propose to employ adaptive pruning to transformers for medical image segmentation and propose a lightweight and effective hybrid network APFormer. To our best knowledge, this is the first work on transformer pruning for medical image analysis tasks. The key features of APFormer mainly are self-supervised self-attention (SSA) to improve the convergence of dependency establishment, Gaussian-prior relative position embedding (GRPE) to foster the learning of position information, and adaptive pruning to eliminate redundant computations and perception information. Specifically, SSA and GRPE consider the well-converged dependency distribution and the Gaussian heatmap distribution separately as the prior knowledge of self-attention and position embedding to ease the training of transformers and lay a solid foundation for the following pruning operation. Then, adaptive transformer pruning, both query-wise and dependency-wise, is performed by adjusting the gate control parameters for both complexity reduction and performance improvement. Extensive experiments on two widely-used datasets demonstrate the prominent segmentation performance of APFormer against the state-of-the-art methods with much fewer parameters and lower GFLOPs. More importantly, we prove, through ablation studies, that adaptive pruning can work as a plug-n-play module for performance improvement on other hybrid-/transformer-based methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xianlin7/APFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.C2FTrans: Coarse-to-Fine Transformers for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14409.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN), the most prevailing architecture for deep-learning based medical image analysis, are still functionally limited by their intrinsic inductive biases and inadequate receptive fields. Transformer, born to address this issue, has drawn explosive attention in natural language processing and computer vision due to its remarkable ability in capturing long-range dependency. However, most recent transformer-based methods for medical image segmentation directly apply vanilla transformers as an auxiliary module in CNN-based methods, resulting in severe detail loss due to the rigid patch partitioning scheme in transformers. To address this problem, we propose C2FTrans, a novel multi-scale architecture that formulates medical image segmentation as a coarse-to-fine procedure. C2FTrans mainly consists of a cross-scale global transformer (CGT) which addresses local contextual similarity in CNN and a boundary-aware local transformer (BLT) which overcomes boundary uncertainty brought by rigid patch partitioning in transformers. Specifically, CGT builds global dependency across three different small-scale feature maps to obtain rich global semantic features with an acceptable computational cost, while BLT captures mid-range dependency by adaptively generating windows around boundaries under the guidance of entropy to reduce computational complexity and minimize detail loss based on large-scale feature maps. Extensive experimental results on three public datasets demonstrate the superior performance of C2FTrans against state-of-the-art CNN-based and transformer-based methods with fewer parameters and lower FLOPs. We believe the design of C2FTrans would further inspire future work on developing efficient and lightweight transformers for medical image segmentation. The source code of this paper is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xianlin7/C2FTrans" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Exploiting Semantic Role Contextualized Video Features for Multi-Instance Text-Video Retrieval EPIC-KITCHENS-100 Multi-Instance Retrieval Challenge 2022  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14381.pdf)
>  In this report, we present our approach for EPIC-KITCHENS-100 Multi-Instance Retrieval Challenge 2022. We first parse sentences into semantic roles corresponding to verbs and nouns; then utilize self-attentions to exploit semantic role contextualized video features along with textual features via triplet losses in multiple embedding spaces. Our method overpasses the strong baseline in normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (nDCG), which is more valuable for semantic similarity. Our submission is ranked 3rd for nDCG and ranked 4th for mAP.      
### 16.EBMs vs. CL: Exploring Self-Supervised Visual Pretraining for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14355.pdf)
>  The availability of clean and diverse labeled data is a major roadblock for training models on complex tasks such as visual question answering (VQA). The extensive work on large vision-and-language models has shown that self-supervised learning is effective for pretraining multimodal interactions. In this technical report, we focus on visual representations. We review and evaluate self-supervised methods to leverage unlabeled images and pretrain a model, which we then fine-tune on a custom VQA task that allows controlled evaluation and diagnosis. We compare energy-based models (EBMs) with contrastive learning (CL). While EBMs are growing in popularity, they lack an evaluation on downstream tasks. We find that both EBMs and CL can learn representations from unlabeled images that enable training a VQA model on very little annotated data. In a simple setting similar to CLEVR, we find that CL representations also improve systematic generalization, and even match the performance of representations from a larger, supervised, ImageNet-pretrained model. However, we find EBMs to be difficult to train because of instabilities and high variability in their results. Although EBMs prove useful for OOD detection, other results on supervised energy-based training and uncertainty calibration are largely negative. Overall, CL currently seems a preferable option over EBMs.      
### 17.Convolutional Neural Network Based Partial Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14350.pdf)
>  Due to the massive explanation of artificial intelligence, machine learning technology is being used in various areas of our day-to-day life. In the world, there are a lot of scenarios where a simple crime can be prevented before it may even happen or find the person responsible for it. A face is one distinctive feature that we have and can differentiate easily among many other species. But not just different species, it also plays a significant role in determining someone from the same species as us, humans. Regarding this critical feature, a single problem occurs most often nowadays. When the camera is pointed, it cannot detect a person's face, and it becomes a poor image. On the other hand, where there was a robbery and a security camera installed, the robber's identity is almost indistinguishable due to the low-quality camera. But just making an excellent algorithm to work and detecting a face reduces the cost of hardware, and it doesn't cost that much to focus on that area. Facial recognition, widget control, and such can be done by detecting the face correctly. This study aims to create and enhance a machine learning model that correctly recognizes faces. Total 627 Data have been collected from different Bangladeshi people's faces on four angels. In this work, CNN, Harr Cascade, Cascaded CNN, Deep CNN &amp; MTCNN are these five machine learning approaches implemented to get the best accuracy of our dataset. After creating and running the model, Multi-Task Convolutional Neural Network (MTCNN) achieved 96.2% best model accuracy with training data rather than other machine learning models.      
### 18.A New Adjacency Matrix Configuration in GCN-based Models for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14344.pdf)
>  Human skeleton data has received increasing attention in action recognition due to its background robustness and high efficiency. In skeleton-based action recognition, graph convolutional network (GCN) has become the mainstream method. This paper analyzes the fundamental factor for GCN-based models -- the adjacency matrix. We notice that most GCN-based methods conduct their adjacency matrix based on the human natural skeleton structure. Based on our former work and analysis, we propose that the human natural skeleton structure adjacency matrix is not proper for skeleton-based action recognition. We propose a new adjacency matrix that abandons all rigid neighbor connections but lets the model adaptively learn the relationships of joints. We conduct extensive experiments and analysis with a validation model on two skeleton-based action recognition datasets (NTURGBD60 and FineGYM). Comprehensive experimental results and analysis reveals that 1) the most widely used human natural skeleton structure adjacency matrix is unsuitable in skeleton-based action recognition; 2) The proposed adjacency matrix is superior in model performance, noise robustness and transferability.      
### 19.Generative Neural Articulated Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14314.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning of 3D-aware generative adversarial networks (GANs) using only collections of single-view 2D photographs has very recently made much progress. These 3D GANs, however, have not been demonstrated for human bodies and the generated radiance fields of existing frameworks are not directly editable, limiting their applicability in downstream tasks. We propose a solution to these challenges by developing a 3D GAN framework that learns to generate radiance fields of human bodies or faces in a canonical pose and warp them using an explicit deformation field into a desired body pose or facial expression. Using our framework, we demonstrate the first high-quality radiance field generation results for human bodies. Moreover, we show that our deformation-aware training procedure significantly improves the quality of generated bodies or faces when editing their poses or facial expressions compared to a 3D GAN that is not trained with explicit deformations.      
### 20.Reinforcement Learning in Medical Image Analysis: Concepts, Applications, Challenges, and Future Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14302.pdf)
>  Motivation: Medical image analysis involves tasks to assist physicians in qualitative and quantitative analysis of lesions or anatomical structures, significantly improving the accuracy and reliability of diagnosis and prognosis. Traditionally, these tasks are finished by physicians or medical physicists and lead to two major problems: (i) low efficiency; (ii) biased by personal experience. In the past decade, many machine learning methods have been applied to accelerate and automate the image analysis process. Compared to the enormous deployments of supervised and unsupervised learning models, attempts to use reinforcement learning in medical image analysis are scarce. This review article could serve as the stepping-stone for related research. Significance: From our observation, though reinforcement learning has gradually gained momentum in recent years, many researchers in the medical analysis field find it hard to understand and deploy in clinics. One cause is lacking well-organized review articles targeting readers lacking professional computer science backgrounds. Rather than providing a comprehensive list of all reinforcement learning models in medical image analysis, this paper may help the readers to learn how to formulate and solve their medical image analysis research as reinforcement learning problems. Approach &amp; Results: We selected published articles from Google Scholar and PubMed. Considering the scarcity of related articles, we also included some outstanding newest preprints. The papers are carefully reviewed and categorized according to the type of image analysis task. We first review the basic concepts and popular models of reinforcement learning. Then we explore the applications of reinforcement learning models in landmark detection. Finally, we conclude the article by discussing the reviewed reinforcement learning approaches' limitations and possible improvements.      
### 21.ZoDIAC: Zoneout Dropout Injection Attention Calculation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14263.pdf)
>  Recently the use of self-attention has yielded to state-of-the-art results in vision-language tasks such as image captioning as well as natural language understanding and generation (NLU and NLG) tasks and computer vision tasks such as image classification. This is since self-attention maps the internal interactions among the elements of input source and target sequences. Although self-attention successfully calculates the attention values and maps the relationships among the elements of input source and target sequence, yet there is no mechanism to control the intensity of attention. In real world, when communicating with each other face to face or vocally, we tend to express different visual and linguistic context with various amounts of intensity. Some words might carry (be spoken with) more stress and weight indicating the importance of that word in the context of the whole sentence. Based on this intuition, we propose Zoneout Dropout Injection Attention Calculation (ZoDIAC) in which the intensities of attention values in the elements of the input sequence are calculated with respect to the context of the elements of input sequence. The results of our experiments reveal that employing ZoDIAC leads to better performance in comparison with the self-attention module in the Transformer model. The ultimate goal is to find out if we could modify self-attention module in the Transformer model with a method that is potentially extensible to other models that leverage on self-attention at their core. Our findings suggest that this particular goal deserves further attention and investigation by the research community. <br>The code for ZoDIAC is available on <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/zanyarz/zodiac" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 22.SImProv: Scalable Image Provenance Framework for Robust Content Attribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14245.pdf)
>  We present SImProv - a scalable image provenance framework to match a query image back to a trusted database of originals and identify possible manipulations on the query. SImProv consists of three stages: a scalable search stage for retrieving top-k most similar images; a re-ranking and near-duplicated detection stage for identifying the original among the candidates; and finally a manipulation detection and visualization stage for localizing regions within the query that may have been manipulated to differ from the original. SImProv is robust to benign image transformations that commonly occur during online redistribution, such as artifacts due to noise and recompression degradation, as well as out-of-place transformations due to image padding, warping, and changes in size and shape. Robustness towards out-of-place transformations is achieved via the end-to-end training of a differentiable warping module within the comparator architecture. We demonstrate effective retrieval and manipulation detection over a dataset of 100 million images.      
### 23.Placenta Segmentation in Ultrasound Imaging: Addressing Sources of Uncertainty and Limited Field-of-View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14746.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of the placenta in fetal ultrasound (US) is challenging due to the (i) high diversity of placenta appearance, (ii) the restricted quality in US resulting in highly variable reference annotations, and (iii) the limited field-of-view of US prohibiting whole placenta assessment at late gestation. In this work, we address these three challenges with a multi-task learning approach that combines the classification of placental location (e.g., anterior, posterior) and semantic placenta segmentation in a single convolutional neural network. Through the classification task the model can learn from larger and more diverse datasets while improving the accuracy of the segmentation task in particular in limited training set conditions. With this approach we investigate the variability in annotations from multiple raters and show that our automatic segmentations (Dice of 0.86 for anterior and 0.83 for posterior placentas) achieve human-level performance as compared to intra- and inter-observer variability. Lastly, our approach can deliver whole placenta segmentation using a multi-view US acquisition pipeline consisting of three stages: multi-probe image acquisition, image fusion and image segmentation. This results in high quality segmentation of larger structures such as the placenta in US with reduced image artifacts which are beyond the field-of-view of single probes.      
### 24.CONVIQT: Contrastive Video Quality Estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14713.pdf)
>  Perceptual video quality assessment (VQA) is an integral component of many streaming and video sharing platforms. Here we consider the problem of learning perceptually relevant video quality representations in a self-supervised manner. Distortion type identification and degradation level determination is employed as an auxiliary task to train a deep learning model containing a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) that extracts spatial features, as well as a recurrent unit that captures temporal information. The model is trained using a contrastive loss and we therefore refer to this training framework and resulting model as CONtrastive VIdeo Quality EstimaTor (CONVIQT). During testing, the weights of the trained model are frozen, and a linear regressor maps the learned features to quality scores in a no-reference (NR) setting. We conduct comprehensive evaluations of the proposed model on multiple VQA databases by analyzing the correlations between model predictions and ground-truth quality ratings, and achieve competitive performance when compared to state-of-the-art NR-VQA models, even though it is not trained on those databases. Our ablation experiments demonstrate that the learned representations are highly robust and generalize well across synthetic and realistic distortions. Our results indicate that compelling representations with perceptual bearing can be obtained using self-supervised learning. The implementations used in this work have been made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pavancm/CONVIQT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.An extensible Benchmarking Graph-Mesh dataset for studying Steady-State Incompressible Navier-Stokes Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14709.pdf)
>  Recent progress in \emph{Geometric Deep Learning} (GDL) has shown its potential to provide powerful data-driven models. This gives momentum to explore new methods for learning physical systems governed by \emph{Partial Differential Equations} (PDEs) from Graph-Mesh data. However, despite the efforts and recent achievements, several research directions remain unexplored and progress is still far from satisfying the physical requirements of real-world phenomena. One of the major impediments is the absence of benchmarking datasets and common physics evaluation protocols. In this paper, we propose a 2-D graph-mesh dataset to study the airflow over airfoils at high Reynolds regime (from $10^6$ and beyond). We also introduce metrics on the stress forces over the airfoil in order to evaluate GDL models on important physical quantities. Moreover, we provide extensive GDL baselines.      
### 26.Multi-scale Physical Representations for Approximating PDE Solutions with Graph Neural Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14687.pdf)
>  Representing physical signals at different scales is among the most challenging problems in engineering. Several multi-scale modeling tools have been developed to describe physical systems governed by \emph{Partial Differential Equations} (PDEs). These tools are at the crossroad of principled physical models and numerical schema. Recently, data-driven models have been introduced to speed-up the approximation of PDE solutions compared to numerical solvers. Among these recent data-driven methods, neural integral operators are a class that learn a mapping between function spaces. These functions are discretized on graphs (meshes) which are appropriate for modeling interactions in physical phenomena. In this work, we study three multi-resolution schema with integral kernel operators that can be approximated with \emph{Message Passing Graph Neural Networks} (MPGNNs). To validate our study, we make extensive MPGNNs experiments with well-chosen metrics considering steady and unsteady PDEs.      
### 27.BiometryNet: Landmark-based Fetal Biometry Estimation from Standard Ultrasound Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14678.pdf)
>  Fetal growth assessment from ultrasound is based on a few biometric measurements that are performed manually and assessed relative to the expected gestational age. Reliable biometry estimation depends on the precise detection of landmarks in standard ultrasound planes. Manual annotation can be time-consuming and operator dependent task, and may results in high measurements variability. Existing methods for automatic fetal biometry rely on initial automatic fetal structure segmentation followed by geometric landmark detection. However, segmentation annotations are time-consuming and may be inaccurate, and landmark detection requires developing measurement-specific geometric methods. This paper describes BiometryNet, an end-to-end landmark regression framework for fetal biometry estimation that overcomes these limitations. It includes a novel Dynamic Orientation Determination (DOD) method for enforcing measurement-specific orientation consistency during network training. DOD reduces variabilities in network training, increases landmark localization accuracy, thus yields accurate and robust biometric measurements. To validate our method, we assembled a dataset of 3,398 ultrasound images from 1,829 subjects acquired in three clinical sites with seven different ultrasound devices. Comparison and cross-validation of three different biometric measurements on two independent datasets shows that BiometryNet is robust and yields accurate measurements whose errors are lower than the clinically permissible errors, outperforming other existing automated biometry estimation methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/netanellavisdris/fetalbiometry" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Cut Inner Layers: A Structured Pruning Strategy for Efficient U-Net GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14658.pdf)
>  Pruning effectively compresses overparameterized models. Despite the success of pruning methods for discriminative models, applying them for generative models has been relatively rarely approached. This study conducts structured pruning on U-Net generators of conditional GANs. A per-layer sensitivity analysis confirms that many unnecessary filters exist in the innermost layers near the bottleneck and can be substantially pruned. Based on this observation, we prune these filters from multiple inner layers or suggest alternative architectures by completely eliminating the layers. We evaluate our approach with Pix2Pix for image-to-image translation and Wav2Lip for speech-driven talking face generation. Our method outperforms global pruning baselines, demonstrating the importance of properly considering where to prune for U-Net generators.      
### 29.Perspective (In)consistency of Paint by Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14617.pdf)
>  Type "a sea otter with a pearl earring by Johannes Vermeer" or "a photo of a teddy bear on a skateboard in Times Square" into OpenAI's DALL-E-2 paint-by-text synthesis engine and you will not be disappointed by the delightful and eerily pertinent results. The ability to synthesize highly realistic images -- with seemingly no limitation other than our imagination -- is sure to yield many exciting and creative applications. These images are also likely to pose new challenges to the photo-forensic community. Motivated by the fact that paint by text is not based on explicit geometric modeling, and the human visual system's often obliviousness to even glaring geometric inconsistencies, we provide an initial exploration of the perspective consistency of DALL-E-2 synthesized images to determine if geometric-based forensic analyses will prove fruitful in detecting this new breed of synthetic media.      
### 30.On-device Synaptic Memory Consolidation using Fowler-Nordheim Quantum-tunneling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14581.pdf)
>  Synaptic memory consolidation has been heralded as one of the key mechanisms for supporting continual learning in neuromorphic Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems. Here we report that a Fowler-Nordheim (FN) quantum-tunneling device can implement synaptic memory consolidation similar to what can be achieved by algorithmic consolidation models like the cascade and the elastic weight consolidation (EWC) models. The proposed FN-synapse not only stores the synaptic weight but also stores the synapse's historical usage statistic on the device itself. We also show that the operation of the FN-synapse is near-optimal in terms of the synaptic lifetime and we demonstrate that a network comprising FN-synapses outperforms a comparable EWC network for a small benchmark continual learning task. With an energy footprint of femtojoules per synaptic update, we believe that the proposed FN-synapse provides an ultra-energy-efficient approach for implementing both synaptic memory consolidation and persistent learning.      
### 31.Competence-based Multimodal Curriculum Learning for Medical Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14579.pdf)
>  Medical report generation task, which targets to produce long and coherent descriptions of medical images, has attracted growing research interests recently. Different from the general image captioning tasks, medical report generation is more challenging for data-driven neural models. This is mainly due to 1) the serious data bias and 2) the limited medical data. To alleviate the data bias and make best use of available data, we propose a Competence-based Multimodal Curriculum Learning framework (CMCL). Specifically, CMCL simulates the learning process of radiologists and optimizes the model in a step by step manner. Firstly, CMCL estimates the difficulty of each training instance and evaluates the competence of current model; Secondly, CMCL selects the most suitable batch of training instances considering current model competence. By iterating above two steps, CMCL can gradually improve the model's performance. The experiments on the public IU-Xray and MIMIC-CXR datasets show that CMCL can be incorporated into existing models to improve their performance.      
### 32.Why patient data cannot be easily forgotten?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14541.pdf)
>  Rights provisioned within data protection regulations, permit patients to request that knowledge about their information be eliminated by data holders. With the advent of AI learned on data, one can imagine that such rights can extent to requests for forgetting knowledge of patient's data within AI models. However, forgetting patients' imaging data from AI models, is still an under-explored problem. In this paper, we study the influence of patient data on model performance and formulate two hypotheses for a patient's data: either they are common and similar to other patients or form edge cases, i.e. unique and rare cases. We show that it is not possible to easily forget patient data. We propose a targeted forgetting approach to perform patient-wise forgetting. Extensive experiments on the benchmark Automated Cardiac Diagnosis Challenge dataset showcase the improved performance of the proposed targeted forgetting approach as opposed to a state-of-the-art method.      
### 33.Procrustes Analysis with Deformations: A Closed-Form Solution by Eigenvalue Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14528.pdf)
>  Generalized Procrustes Analysis (GPA) is the problem of bringing multiple shapes into a common reference by estimating transformations. GPA has been extensively studied for the Euclidean and affine transformations. We introduce GPA with deformable transformations, which forms a much wider and difficult problem. We specifically study a class of transformations called the Linear Basis Warps (LBWs), which contains the affine transformation and most of the usual deformation models, such as the Thin-Plate Spline (TPS). GPA with deformations is a nonconvex underconstrained problem. We resolve the fundamental ambiguities of deformable GPA using two shape constraints requiring the eigenvalues of the shape covariance. These eigenvalues can be computed independently as a prior or posterior. We give a closed-form and optimal solution to deformable GPA based on an eigenvalue decomposition. This solution handles regularization, favoring smooth deformation fields. It requires the transformation model to satisfy a fundamental property of free-translations, which asserts that the model can implement any translation. We show that this property fortunately holds true for most common transformation models, including the affine and TPS models. For the other models, we give another closed-form solution to GPA, which agrees exactly with the first solution for models with free-translation. We give pseudo-code for computing our solution, leading to the proposed DefGPA method, which is fast, globally optimal and widely applicable. We validate our method and compare it to previous work on six diverse 2D and 3D datasets, with special care taken to choose the hyperparameters from cross-validation.      
### 34.RegMixup: Mixup as a Regularizer Can Surprisingly Improve Accuracy and Out Distribution Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14502.pdf)
>  We show that the effectiveness of the well celebrated Mixup [Zhang et al., 2018] can be further improved if instead of using it as the sole learning objective, it is utilized as an additional regularizer to the standard cross-entropy loss. This simple change not only provides much improved accuracy but also significantly improves the quality of the predictive uncertainty estimation of Mixup in most cases under various forms of covariate shifts and out-of-distribution detection experiments. In fact, we observe that Mixup yields much degraded performance on detecting out-of-distribution samples possibly, as we show empirically, because of its tendency to learn models that exhibit high-entropy throughout; making it difficult to differentiate in-distribution samples from out-distribution ones. To show the efficacy of our approach (RegMixup), we provide thorough analyses and experiments on vision datasets (ImageNet &amp; CIFAR-10/100) and compare it with a suite of recent approaches for reliable uncertainty estimation.      
### 35.Beyond neural scaling laws: beating power law scaling via data pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14486.pdf)
>  Widely observed neural scaling laws, in which error falls off as a power of the training set size, model size, or both, have driven substantial performance improvements in deep learning. However, these improvements through scaling alone require considerable costs in compute and energy. Here we focus on the scaling of error with dataset size and show how both in theory and practice we can break beyond power law scaling and reduce it to exponential scaling instead if we have access to a high-quality data pruning metric that ranks the order in which training examples should be discarded to achieve any pruned dataset size. We then test this new exponential scaling prediction with pruned dataset size empirically, and indeed observe better than power law scaling performance on ResNets trained on CIFAR-10, SVHN, and ImageNet. Given the importance of finding high-quality pruning metrics, we perform the first large-scale benchmarking study of ten different data pruning metrics on ImageNet. We find most existing high performing metrics scale poorly to ImageNet, while the best are computationally intensive and require labels for every image. We therefore developed a new simple, cheap and scalable self-supervised pruning metric that demonstrates comparable performance to the best supervised metrics. Overall, our work suggests that the discovery of good data-pruning metrics may provide a viable path forward to substantially improved neural scaling laws, thereby reducing the resource costs of modern deep learning.      
### 36.Formalizing and Evaluating Requirements of Perception Systems for Automated Vehicles using Spatio-Temporal Perception Logic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14372.pdf)
>  Automated vehicles (AV) heavily depend on robust perception systems. Current methods for evaluating vision systems focus mainly on frame-by-frame performance. Such evaluation methods appear to be inadequate in assessing the performance of a perception subsystem when used within an AV. In this paper, we present a logic -- referred to as Spatio-Temporal Perception Logic (STPL) -- which utilizes both spatial and temporal modalities. STPL enables reasoning over perception data using spatial and temporal relations. One major advantage of STPL is that it facilitates basic sanity checks on the real-time performance of the perception system, even without ground-truth data in some cases. We identify a fragment of STPL which is efficiently monitorable offline in polynomial time. Finally, we present a range of specifications for AV perception systems to highlight the types of requirements that can be expressed and analyzed through offline monitoring with STPL.      
### 37.Multistep Automated Data Labelling Procedure (MADLaP) for Thyroid Nodules on Ultrasound: An Artificial Intelligence Approach for Automating Image Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14305.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) for diagnosis of thyroid nodules on ultrasound is an active area of research. However, ML tools require large, well-labelled datasets, the curation of which is time-consuming and labor-intensive. The purpose of our study was to develop and test a deep-learning-based tool to facilitate and automate the data annotation process for thyroid nodules; we named our tool Multistep Automated Data Labelling Procedure (MADLaP). MADLaP was designed to take multiple inputs included pathology reports, ultrasound images, and radiology reports. Using multiple step-wise modules including rule-based natural language processing, deep-learning-based imaging segmentation, and optical character recognition, MADLaP automatically identified images of a specific thyroid nodule and correctly assigned a pathology label. The model was developed using a training set of 378 patients across our health system and tested on a separate set of 93 patients. Ground truths for both sets were selected by an experienced radiologist. Performance metrics including yield (how many labeled images the model produced) and accuracy (percentage correct) were measured using the test set. MADLaP achieved a yield of 63% and an accuracy of 83%. The yield progressively increased as the input data moved through each module, while accuracy peaked part way through. Error analysis showed that inputs from certain examination sites had lower accuracy (40%) than the other sites (90%, 100%). MADLaP successfully created curated datasets of labeled ultrasound images of thyroid nodules. While accurate, the relatively suboptimal yield of MADLaP exposed some challenges when trying to automatically label radiology images from heterogeneous sources. The complex task of image curation and annotation could be automated, allowing for enrichment of larger datasets for use in machine learning development.      
### 38.GAN-based Intrinsic Exploration For Sample Efficient Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14256.pdf)
>  In this study, we address the problem of efficient exploration in reinforcement learning. Most common exploration approaches depend on random action selection, however these approaches do not work well in environments with sparse or no rewards. We propose Generative Adversarial Network-based Intrinsic Reward Module that learns the distribution of the observed states and sends an intrinsic reward that is computed as high for states that are out of distribution, in order to lead agent to unexplored states. We evaluate our approach in Super Mario Bros for a no reward setting and in Montezuma's Revenge for a sparse reward setting and show that our approach is indeed capable of exploring efficiently. We discuss a few weaknesses and conclude by discussing future works.      
### 39.Masked World Models for Visual Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14244.pdf)
>  Visual model-based reinforcement learning (RL) has the potential to enable sample-efficient robot learning from visual observations. Yet the current approaches typically train a single model end-to-end for learning both visual representations and dynamics, making it difficult to accurately model the interaction between robots and small objects. In this work, we introduce a visual model-based RL framework that decouples visual representation learning and dynamics learning. Specifically, we train an autoencoder with convolutional layers and vision transformers (ViT) to reconstruct pixels given masked convolutional features, and learn a latent dynamics model that operates on the representations from the autoencoder. Moreover, to encode task-relevant information, we introduce an auxiliary reward prediction objective for the autoencoder. We continually update both autoencoder and dynamics model using online samples collected from environment interaction. We demonstrate that our decoupling approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on a variety of visual robotic tasks from Meta-world and RLBench, e.g., we achieve 81.7% success rate on 50 visual robotic manipulation tasks from Meta-world, while the baseline achieves 67.9%. Code is available on the project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/mwm-rl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
