# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 27 Jun 2022
### 1.ZSON: Zero-Shot Object-Goal Navigation using Multimodal Goal Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12403.pdf)
>  We present a scalable approach for learning open-world object-goal navigation (ObjectNav) -- the task of asking a virtual robot (agent) to find any instance of an object in an unexplored environment (e.g., "find a sink"). Our approach is entirely zero-shot -- i.e., it does not require ObjectNav rewards or demonstrations of any kind. Instead, we train on the image-goal navigation (ImageNav) task, in which agents find the location where a picture (i.e., goal image) was captured. Specifically, we encode goal images into a multimodal, semantic embedding space to enable training semantic-goal navigation (SemanticNav) agents at scale in unannotated 3D environments (e.g., HM3D). After training, SemanticNav agents can be instructed to find objects described in free-form natural language (e.g., "sink", "bathroom sink", etc.) by projecting language goals into the same multimodal, semantic embedding space. As a result, our approach enables open-world ObjectNav. We extensively evaluate our agents on three ObjectNav datasets (Gibson, HM3D, and MP3D) and observe absolute improvements in success of 4.2% - 20.0% over existing zero-shot methods. For reference, these gains are similar or better than the 5% improvement in success between the Habitat 2020 and 2021 ObjectNav challenge winners. In an open-world setting, we discover that our agents can generalize to compound instructions with a room explicitly mentioned (e.g., "Find a kitchen sink") and when the target room can be inferred (e.g., "Find a sink and a stove").      
### 2.Text-Driven Stylization of Video Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12396.pdf)
>  We tackle the task of stylizing video objects in an intuitive and semantic manner following a user-specified text prompt. This is a challenging task as the resulting video must satisfy multiple properties: (1) it has to be temporally consistent and avoid jittering or similar artifacts, (2) the resulting stylization must preserve both the global semantics of the object and its fine-grained details, and (3) it must adhere to the user-specified text prompt. To this end, our method stylizes an object in a video according to two target texts. The first target text prompt describes the global semantics and the second target text prompt describes the local semantics. To modify the style of an object, we harness the representational power of CLIP to get a similarity score between (1) the local target text and a set of local stylized views, and (2) a global target text and a set of stylized global views. We use a pretrained atlas decomposition network to propagate the edits in a temporally consistent manner. We demonstrate that our method can generate consistent style changes over time for a variety of objects and videos, that adhere to the specification of the target texts. We also show how varying the specificity of the target texts and augmenting the texts with a set of prefixes results in stylizations with different levels of detail. Full results are given on our project webpage: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sloeschcke.github.io/Text-Driven-Stylization-of-Video-Objects/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Defending Backdoor Attacks on Vision Transformer via Patch Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12381.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViTs) have a radically different architecture with significantly less inductive bias than Convolutional Neural Networks. Along with the improvement in performance, security and robustness of ViTs are also of great importance to study. In contrast to many recent works that exploit the robustness of ViTs against adversarial examples, this paper investigates a representative causative attack, i.e., backdoor. We first examine the vulnerability of ViTs against various backdoor attacks and find that ViTs are also quite vulnerable to existing attacks. However, we observe that the clean-data accuracy and backdoor attack success rate of ViTs respond distinctively to patch transformations before the positional encoding. Then, based on this finding, we propose an effective method for ViTs to defend both patch-based and blending-based trigger backdoor attacks via patch processing. The performances are evaluated on several benchmark datasets, including CIFAR10, GTSRB, and TinyImageNet, which show the proposed novel defense is very successful in mitigating backdoor attacks for ViTs. To the best of our knowledge, this paper presents the first defensive strategy that utilizes a unique characteristic of ViTs against backdoor attacks.      
### 4.QReg: On Regularization Effects of Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12372.pdf)
>  In this paper we study the effects of quantization in DNN training. We hypothesize that weight quantization is a form of regularization and the amount of regularization is correlated with the quantization level (precision). We confirm our hypothesis by providing analytical study and empirical results. By modeling weight quantization as a form of additive noise to weights, we explore how this noise propagates through the network at training time. We then show that the magnitude of this noise is correlated with the level of quantization. To confirm our analytical study, we performed an extensive list of experiments summarized in this paper in which we show that the regularization effects of quantization can be seen in various vision tasks and models, over various datasets. Based on our study, we propose that 8-bit quantization provides a reliable form of regularization in different vision tasks and models.      
### 5.Online Distillation with Mixed Sample Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12370.pdf)
>  Mixed Sample Regularization (MSR), such as MixUp or CutMix, is a powerful data augmentation strategy to generalize convolutional neural networks. Previous empirical analysis has illustrated an orthogonal performance gain between MSR and the conventional offline Knowledge Distillation (KD). To be more specific, student networks can be enhanced with the involvement of MSR in the training stage of the sequential distillation. Yet, the interplay between MSR and online knowledge distillation, a stronger distillation paradigm, where an ensemble of peer students learn mutually from each other, remains unexplored. To bridge the gap, we make the first attempt at incorporating CutMix into online distillation, where we empirically observe a significant improvement. Encouraged by this fact, we propose an even stronger MSR specifically for online distillation, named as Cut^nMix. Furthermore, a novel online distillation framework is designed upon Cut^nMix, to enhance the distillation with feature level mutual learning and a self-ensemble teacher. Comprehensive evaluations on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 with six network architectures show that our approach can consistently outperform state-of-the-art distillation methods.      
### 6.HM3D-ABO: A Photo-realistic Dataset for Object-centric Multi-view 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12356.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D objects is an important computer vision task that has wide application in AR/VR. Deep learning algorithm developed for this task usually relies on an unrealistic synthetic dataset, such as ShapeNet and Things3D. On the other hand, existing real-captured object-centric datasets usually do not have enough annotation to enable supervised training or reliable evaluation. In this technical report, we present a photo-realistic object-centric dataset HM3D-ABO. It is constructed by composing realistic indoor scene and realistic object. For each configuration, we provide multi-view RGB observations, a water-tight mesh model for the object, ground truth depth map and object mask. The proposed dataset could also be useful for tasks such as camera pose estimation and novel-view synthesis. The dataset generation code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhenpeiyang/HM3D-ABO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Megapixel Image Generation with Step-Unrolled Denoising Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12351.pdf)
>  An ongoing trend in generative modelling research has been to push sample resolutions higher whilst simultaneously reducing computational requirements for training and sampling. We aim to push this trend further via the combination of techniques - each component representing the current pinnacle of efficiency in their respective areas. These include vector-quantized GAN (VQ-GAN), a vector-quantization (VQ) model capable of high levels of lossy - but perceptually insignificant - compression; hourglass transformers, a highly scaleable self-attention model; and step-unrolled denoising autoencoders (SUNDAE), a non-autoregressive (NAR) text generative model. Unexpectedly, our method highlights weaknesses in the original formulation of hourglass transformers when applied to multidimensional data. In light of this, we propose modifications to the resampling mechanism, applicable in any task applying hierarchical transformers to multidimensional data. Additionally, we demonstrate the scalability of SUNDAE to long sequence lengths - four times longer than prior work. Our proposed framework scales to high-resolutions ($1024 \times 1024$) and trains quickly (2-4 days). Crucially, the trained model produces diverse and realistic megapixel samples in approximately 2 seconds on a consumer-grade GPU (GTX 1080Ti). In general, the framework is flexible: supporting an arbitrary number of sampling steps, sample-wise self-stopping, self-correction capabilities, conditional generation, and a NAR formulation that allows for arbitrary inpainting masks. We obtain FID scores of 10.56 on FFHQ256 - close to the original VQ-GAN in less than half the sampling steps - and 21.85 on FFHQ1024 in only 100 sampling steps.      
### 8.Optimized Views Photogrammetry: Precision Analysis and A Large-scale Case Study in Qingdao  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12216.pdf)
>  UAVs have become one of the widely used remote sensing platforms and played a critical role in the construction of smart cities. However, due to the complex environment in urban scenes, secure and accurate data acquisition brings great challenges to 3D modeling and scene updating. Optimal trajectory planning of UAVs and accurate data collection of onboard cameras are non-trivial issues in urban modeling. This study presents the principle of optimized views photogrammetry and verifies its precision and potential in large-scale 3D modeling. Different from oblique photogrammetry, optimized views photogrammetry uses rough models to generate and optimize UAV trajectories, which is achieved through the consideration of model point reconstructability and view point redundancy. Based on the principle of optimized views photogrammetry, this study first conducts a precision analysis of 3D models by using UAV images of optimized views photogrammetry and then executes a large-scale case study in the urban region of Qingdao city, China, to verify its engineering potential. By using GCPs for image orientation precision analysis and TLS (terrestrial laser scanning) point clouds for model quality analysis, experimental results show that optimized views photogrammetry could construct stable image connection networks and could achieve comparable image orientation accuracy. Benefiting from the accurate image acquisition strategy, the quality of mesh models significantly improves, especially for urban areas with serious occlusions, in which 3 to 5 times of higher accuracy has been achieved. Besides, the case study in Qingdao city verifies that optimized views photogrammetry can be a reliable and powerful solution for the large-scale 3D modeling in complex urban scenes.      
### 9.Excavating RoI Attention for Underwater Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12128.pdf)
>  Self-attention is one of the most successful designs in deep learning, which calculates the similarity of different tokens and reconstructs the feature based on the attention matrix. Originally designed for NLP, self-attention is also popular in computer vision, and can be categorized into pixel-level attention and patch-level attention. In object detection, RoI features can be seen as patches from base feature maps. This paper aims to apply the attention module to RoI features to improve performance. Instead of employing an original self-attention module, we choose the external attention module, a modified self-attention with reduced parameters. With the proposed double head structure and the Positional Encoding module, our method can achieve promising performance in object detection. The comprehensive experiments show that it achieves promising performance, especially in the underwater object detection dataset. The code will be avaiable in: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zsyasd/Excavating-RoI-Attention-for-Underwater-Object-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 10.Temporal Attention Unit: Towards Efficient Spatiotemporal Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12126.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal predictive learning aims to generate future frames by learning from historical frames. In this paper, we investigate existing methods and present a general framework of spatiotemporal predictive learning, in which the spatial encoder and decoder capture intra-frame features and the middle temporal module catches inter-frame correlations. While the mainstream methods employ recurrent units to capture long-term temporal dependencies, they suffer from low computational efficiency due to their unparallelizable architectures. To parallelize the temporal module, we propose the Temporal Attention Unit (TAU), which decomposes the temporal attention into intra-frame statical attention and inter-frame dynamical attention. Moreover, while the mean squared error loss focuses on intra-frame errors, we introduce a novel differential divergence regularization to take inter-frame variations into account. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method enables the derived model to achieve competitive performance on various spatiotemporal prediction benchmarks.      
### 11.Some theoretical results on discrete contour trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12123.pdf)
>  Contour trees have been developed to visualize or encode scalar data in imaging technologies and scientific simulations. Contours are defined on a continuous scalar field. For discrete data, a continuous function is first interpolated, where contours are then defined. In this paper we define a discrete contour tree, called the iso-tree, on a scalar graph, and discuss its properties. We show that the iso-tree model works for data of all dimensions, and develop an axiomatic system formalizing the discrete contour structures. We also report an isomorphism between iso-trees and augmented contour trees, showing that contour tree algorithms can be used to compute discrete contour trees, and vice versa.      
### 12.Self Supervised Learning for Few Shot Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12117.pdf)
>  Deep learning has proven to be a very effective approach for Hyperspectral Image (HSI) classification. However, deep neural networks require large annotated datasets to generalize well. This limits the applicability of deep learning for HSI classification, where manually labelling thousands of pixels for every scene is impractical. In this paper, we propose to leverage Self Supervised Learning (SSL) for HSI classification. We show that by pre-training an encoder on unlabeled pixels using Barlow-Twins, a state-of-the-art SSL algorithm, we can obtain accurate models with a handful of labels. Experimental results demonstrate that this approach significantly outperforms vanilla supervised learning.      
### 13.A novel approach for glaucoma classification by wavelet neural networks using graph-based, statisitcal features of qualitatively improved images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12099.pdf)
>  In this paper, we have proposed a new glaucoma classification approach that employs a wavelet neural network (WNN) on optimally enhanced retinal images features. To avoid tedious and error prone manual analysis of retinal images by ophthalmologists, computer aided diagnosis (CAD) substantially aids in robust diagnosis. Our objective is to introduce a CAD system with a fresh approach. Retinal image quality improvement is attempted in two phases. The retinal image preprocessing phase improves the brightness and contrast of the image through quantile based histogram modification. It is followed by the image enhancement phase, which involves multi scale morphological operations using image specific dynamic structuring elements for the retinal structure enrichment. Graph based retinal image features in terms of Local Graph Structures (LGS) and Graph Shortest Path (GSP) statistics are extracted from various directions along with the statistical features from the enhanced retinal dataset. WNN is employed to classify glaucoma retinal images with a suitable wavelet activation function. The performance of the WNN classifier is compared with multilayer perceptron neural networks with various datasets. The results show our approach is superior to the existing approaches.      
### 14.MaskRange: A Mask-classification Model for Range-view based LiDAR Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12073.pdf)
>  Range-view based LiDAR segmentation methods are attractive for practical applications due to their direct inheritance from efficient 2D CNN architectures. In literature, most range-view based methods follow the per-pixel classification paradigm. Recently, in the image segmentation domain, another paradigm formulates segmentation as a mask-classification problem and has achieved remarkable performance. This raises an interesting question: can the mask-classification paradigm benefit the range-view based LiDAR segmentation and achieve better performance than the counterpart per-pixel paradigm? To answer this question, we propose a unified mask-classification model, MaskRange, for the range-view based LiDAR semantic and panoptic segmentation. Along with the new paradigm, we also propose a novel data augmentation method to deal with overfitting, context-reliance, and class-imbalance problems. Extensive experiments are conducted on the SemanticKITTI benchmark. Among all published range-view based methods, our MaskRange achieves state-of-the-art performance with $66.10$ mIoU on semantic segmentation and promising results with $53.10$ PQ on panoptic segmentation with high efficiency. Our code will be released.      
### 15.Contrastive Learning of Features between Images and LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12071.pdf)
>  Image and Point Clouds provide different information for robots. Finding the correspondences between data from different sensors is crucial for various tasks such as localization, mapping, and navigation. Learning-based descriptors have been developed for single sensors; there is little work on cross-modal features. This work treats learning cross-modal features as a dense contrastive learning problem. We propose a Tuple-Circle loss function for cross-modality feature learning. Furthermore, to learn good features and not lose generality, we developed a variant of widely used PointNet++ architecture for point cloud and U-Net CNN architecture for images. Moreover, we conduct experiments on a real-world dataset to show the effectiveness of our loss function and network structure. We show that our models indeed learn information from both images as well as LiDAR by visualizing the features.      
### 16.Mutual Information-guided Knowledge Transfer for Novel Class Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12063.pdf)
>  We tackle the novel class discovery problem, aiming to discover novel classes in unlabeled data based on labeled data from seen classes. The main challenge is to transfer knowledge contained in the seen classes to unseen ones. Previous methods mostly transfer knowledge through sharing representation space or joint label space. However, they tend to neglect the class relation between seen and unseen categories, and thus the learned representations are less effective for clustering unseen classes. In this paper, we propose a principle and general method to transfer semantic knowledge between seen and unseen classes. Our insight is to utilize mutual information to measure the relation between seen classes and unseen classes in a restricted label space and maximizing mutual information promotes transferring semantic knowledge. To validate the effectiveness and generalization of our method, we conduct extensive experiments both on novel class discovery and general novel class discovery settings. Our results show that the proposed method outperforms previous SOTA by a significant margin on several benchmarks.      
### 17.SDF-StyleGAN: Implicit SDF-Based StyleGAN for 3D Shape Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12055.pdf)
>  We present a StyleGAN2-based deep learning approach for 3D shape generation, called SDF-StyleGAN, with the aim of reducing visual and geometric dissimilarity between generated shapes and a shape collection. We extend StyleGAN2 to 3D generation and utilize the implicit signed distance function (SDF) as the 3D shape representation, and introduce two novel global and local shape discriminators that distinguish real and fake SDF values and gradients to significantly improve shape geometry and visual quality. We further complement the evaluation metrics of 3D generative models with the shading-image-based Fréchet inception distance (FID) scores to better assess visual quality and shape distribution of the generated shapes. Experiments on shape generation demonstrate the superior performance of SDF-StyleGAN over the state-of-the-art. We further demonstrate the efficacy of SDF-StyleGAN in various tasks based on GAN inversion, including shape reconstruction, shape completion from partial point clouds, single-view image-based shape generation, and shape style editing. Extensive ablation studies justify the efficacy of our framework design. Our code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zhengxinyang/SDF-StyleGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Bilateral Network with Channel Splitting Network and Transformer for Thermal Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12046.pdf)
>  In recent years, the Thermal Image Super-Resolution (TISR) problem has become an attractive research topic. TISR would been used in a wide range of fields, including military, medical, agricultural and animal ecology. Due to the success of PBVS-2020 and PBVS-2021 workshop challenge, the result of TISR keeps improving and attracts more researchers to sign up for PBVS-2022 challenge. In this paper, we will introduce the technical details of our submission to PBVS-2022 challenge designing a Bilateral Network with Channel Splitting Network and Transformer(BN-CSNT) to tackle the TISR problem. Firstly, we designed a context branch based on channel splitting network with transformer to obtain sufficient context information. Secondly, we designed a spatial branch with shallow transformer to extract low level features which can preserve the spatial information. Finally, for the context branch in order to fuse the features from channel splitting network and transformer, we proposed an attention refinement module, and then features from context branch and spatial branch are fused by proposed feature fusion module. The proposed method can achieve PSNR=33.64, SSIM=0.9263 for x4 and PSNR=21.08, SSIM=0.7803 for x2 in the PBVS-2022 challenge test dataset.      
### 19.Protecting President Zelenskyy against Deep Fakes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12043.pdf)
>  The 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine is being fought on two fronts: a brutal ground war and a duplicitous disinformation campaign designed to conceal and justify Russia's actions. This campaign includes at least one example of a deep-fake video purportedly showing Ukrainian President Zelenskyy admitting defeat and surrendering. In anticipation of future attacks of this form, we describe a facial and gestural behavioral model that captures distinctive characteristics of Zelenskyy's speaking style. Trained on over eight hours of authentic video from four different settings, we show that this behavioral model can distinguish Zelenskyy from deep-fake imposters.This model can play an important role -- particularly during the fog of war -- in distinguishing the real from the fake.      
### 20.The Second Place Solution for The 4th Large-scale Video Object Segmentation Challenge--Track 3: Referring Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12035.pdf)
>  The referring video object segmentation task (RVOS) aims to segment object instances in a given video referred by a language expression in all video frames. Due to the requirement of understanding cross-modal semantics within individual instances, this task is more challenging than the traditional semi-supervised video object segmentation where the ground truth object masks in the first frame are given. With the great achievement of Transformer in object detection and object segmentation, RVOS has been made remarkable progress where ReferFormer achieved the state-of-the-art performance. In this work, based on the strong baseline framework--ReferFormer, we propose several tricks to boost further, including cyclical learning rates, semi-supervised approach, and test-time augmentation inference. The improved ReferFormer ranks 2nd place on CVPR2022 Referring Youtube-VOS Challenge.      
### 21.UNeRF: Time and Memory Conscious U-Shaped Network for Training Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.11952.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs) increase reconstruction detail for novel view synthesis and scene reconstruction, with applications ranging from large static scenes to dynamic human motion. However, the increased resolution and model-free nature of such neural fields come at the cost of high training times and excessive memory requirements. Recent advances improve the inference time by using complementary data structures yet these methods are ill-suited for dynamic scenes and often increase memory consumption. Little has been done to reduce the resources required at training time. We propose a method to exploit the redundancy of NeRF's sample-based computations by partially sharing evaluations across neighboring sample points. Our UNeRF architecture is inspired by the UNet, where spatial resolution is reduced in the middle of the network and information is shared between adjacent samples. Although this change violates the strict and conscious separation of view-dependent appearance and view-independent density estimation in the NeRF method, we show that it improves novel view synthesis. We also introduce an alternative subsampling strategy which shares computation while minimizing any violation of view invariance. UNeRF is a plug-in module for the original NeRF network. Our major contributions include reduction of the memory footprint, improved accuracy, and reduced amortized processing time both during training and inference. With only weak assumptions on locality, we achieve improved resource utilization on a variety of neural radiance fields tasks. We demonstrate applications to the novel view synthesis of static scenes as well as dynamic human shape and motion.      
### 22.Towards Galaxy Foundation Models with Hybrid Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.11927.pdf)
>  New astronomical tasks are often related to earlier tasks for which labels have already been collected. We adapt the contrastive framework BYOL to leverage those labels as a pretraining task while also enforcing augmentation invariance. For large-scale pretraining, we introduce GZ-Evo v0.1, a set of 96.5M volunteer responses for 552k galaxy images plus a further 1.34M comparable unlabelled galaxies. Most of the 206 GZ-Evo answers are unknown for any given galaxy, and so our pretraining task uses a Dirichlet loss that naturally handles unknown answers. GZ-Evo pretraining, with or without hybrid learning, improves on direct training even with plentiful downstream labels (+4% accuracy with 44k labels). Our hybrid pretraining/contrastive method further improves downstream accuracy vs. pretraining or contrastive learning, especially in the low-label transfer regime (+6% accuracy with 750 labels).      
### 23.Agriculture-Vision Challenge 2022 -- The Runner-Up Solution for Agricultural Pattern Recognition via Transformer-based Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.11920.pdf)
>  The Agriculture-Vision Challenge in CVPR is one of the most famous and competitive challenges for global researchers to break the boundary between computer vision and agriculture sectors, aiming at agricultural pattern recognition from aerial images. In this paper, we propose our solution to the third Agriculture-Vision Challenge in CVPR 2022. We leverage a data pre-processing scheme and several Transformer-based models as well as data augmentation techniques to achieve a mIoU of 0.582, accomplishing the 2nd place in this challenge.      
### 24.Segmentation-free PVC for Cardiac SPECT using a Densely-connected Multi-dimensional Dynamic Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12344.pdf)
>  In nuclear imaging, limited resolution causes partial volume effects (PVEs) that affect image sharpness and quantitative accuracy. Partial volume correction (PVC) methods incorporating high-resolution anatomical information from CT or MRI have been demonstrated to be effective. However, such anatomical-guided methods typically require tedious image registration and segmentation steps. Accurately segmented organ templates are also hard to obtain, particularly in cardiac SPECT imaging, due to the lack of hybrid SPECT/CT scanners with high-end CT and associated motion artifacts. Slight mis-registration/mis-segmentation would result in severe degradation in image quality after PVC. In this work, we develop a deep-learning-based method for fast cardiac SPECT PVC without anatomical information and associated organ segmentation. The proposed network involves a densely-connected multi-dimensional dynamic mechanism, allowing the convolutional kernels to be adapted based on the input images, even after the network is fully trained. Intramyocardial blood volume (IMBV) is introduced as an additional clinical-relevant loss function for network optimization. The proposed network demonstrated promising performance on 28 canine studies acquired on a GE Discovery NM/CT 570c dedicated cardiac SPECT scanner with a 64-slice CT using Technetium-99m-labeled red blood cells. This work showed that the proposed network with densely-connected dynamic mechanism produced superior results compared with the same network without such mechanism. Results also showed that the proposed network without anatomical information could produce images with statistically comparable IMBV measurements to the images generated by anatomical-guided PVC methods, which could be helpful in clinical translation.      
### 25.How to train accurate BNNs for embedded systems?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12322.pdf)
>  A key enabler of deploying convolutional neural networks on resource-constrained embedded systems is the binary neural network (BNN). BNNs save on memory and simplify computation by binarizing both features and weights. Unfortunately, binarization is inevitably accompanied by a severe decrease in accuracy. To reduce the accuracy gap between binary and full-precision networks, many repair methods have been proposed in the recent past, which we have classified and put into a single overview in this chapter. The repair methods are divided into two main branches, training techniques and network topology changes, which can further be split into smaller categories. The latter category introduces additional cost (energy consumption or additional area) for an embedded system, while the former does not. From our overview, we observe that progress has been made in reducing the accuracy gap, but BNN papers are not aligned on what repair methods should be used to get highly accurate BNNs. Therefore, this chapter contains an empirical review that evaluates the benefits of many repair methods in isolation over the ResNet-20\&amp;CIFAR10 and ResNet-18\&amp;CIFAR100 benchmarks. We found three repair categories most beneficial: feature binarizer, feature normalization, and double residual. Based on this review we discuss future directions and research opportunities. We sketch the benefit and costs associated with BNNs on embedded systems because it remains to be seen whether BNNs will be able to close the accuracy gap while staying highly energy-efficient on resource-constrained embedded systems.      
### 26.Automatic extraction of coronary arteries using deep learning in invasive coronary angiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12300.pdf)
>  Accurate extraction of coronary arteries from invasive coronary angiography (ICA) is important in clinical decision-making for the diagnosis and risk stratification of coronary artery disease (CAD). In this study, we develop a method using deep learning to automatically extract the coronary artery lumen. Methods. A deep learning model U-Net 3+, which incorporates the full-scale skip connections and deep supervisions, was proposed for automatic extraction of coronary arteries from ICAs. Transfer learning and a hybrid loss function were employed in this novel coronary artery extraction framework. Results. A data set containing 616 ICAs obtained from 210 patients was used. In the technical evaluation, the U-Net 3+ achieved a Dice score of 0.8942 and a sensitivity of 0.8735, which is higher than U-Net ++ (Dice score: 0.8814, the sensitivity of 0.8331) and U-net (Dice score: 0.8799, the sensitivity of 0.8305). Conclusion. Our study demonstrates that the U-Net 3+ is superior to other segmentation frameworks for the automatic extraction of the coronary arteries from ICAs. This result suggests great promise for clinical use.      
### 27.InfoAT: Improving Adversarial Training Using the Information Bottleneck Principle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12292.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) has shown excellent high performance in defending against adversarial examples. Recent studies demonstrate that examples are not equally important to the final robustness of models during AT, that is, the so-called hard examples that can be attacked easily exhibit more influence than robust examples on the final robustness. Therefore, guaranteeing the robustness of hard examples is crucial for improving the final robustness of the model. However, defining effective heuristics to search for hard examples is still difficult. In this article, inspired by the information bottleneck (IB) principle, we uncover that an example with high mutual information of the input and its associated latent representation is more likely to be attacked. Based on this observation, we propose a novel and effective adversarial training method (InfoAT). InfoAT is encouraged to find examples with high mutual information and exploit them efficiently to improve the final robustness of models. Experimental results show that InfoAT achieves the best robustness among different datasets and models in comparison with several state-of-the-art methods.      
### 28.Adversarial Zoom Lens: A Novel Physical-World Attack to DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12251.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks (DNNs) are known to be fragile, no one has studied the effects of zooming-in and zooming-out of images in the physical world on DNNs performance. In this paper, we demonstrate a novel physical adversarial attack technique called Adversarial Zoom Lens (AdvZL), which uses a zoom lens to zoom in and out of pictures of the physical world, fooling DNNs without changing the characteristics of the target object. The proposed method is so far the only adversarial attack technique that does not add physical adversarial perturbation attack DNNs. In a digital environment, we construct a data set based on AdvZL to verify the antagonism of equal-scale enlarged images to DNNs. In the physical environment, we manipulate the zoom lens to zoom in and out of the target object, and generate adversarial samples. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of AdvZL in both digital and physical environments. We further analyze the antagonism of the proposed data set to the improved DNNs. On the other hand, we provide a guideline for defense against AdvZL by means of adversarial training. Finally, we look into the threat possibilities of the proposed approach to future autonomous driving and variant attack ideas similar to the proposed attack.      
### 29.Efficient and Robust Training of Dense Object Nets for Multi-Object Robot Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12145.pdf)
>  We propose a framework for robust and efficient training of Dense Object Nets (DON) with a focus on multi-object robot manipulation scenarios. DON is a popular approach to obtain dense, view-invariant object descriptors, which can be used for a multitude of downstream tasks in robot manipulation, such as, pose estimation, state representation for control, etc.. However, the original work focused training on singulated objects, with limited results on instance-specific, multi-object applications. Additionally, a complex data collection pipeline, including 3D reconstruction and mask annotation of each object, is required for training. In this paper, we further improve the efficacy of DON with a simplified data collection and training regime, that consistently yields higher precision and enables robust tracking of keypoints with less data requirements. In particular, we focus on training with multi-object data instead of singulated objects, combined with a well-chosen augmentation scheme. We additionally propose an alternative loss formulation to the original pixelwise formulation that offers better results and is less sensitive to hyperparameters. Finally, we demonstrate the robustness and accuracy of our proposed framework on a real-world robotic grasping task.      
### 30.Augmented Reality-Empowered Network Planning Services for Private Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12139.pdf)
>  To support Industry 4.0 applications with haptics and human-machine interaction, the sixth generation (6G) requires a new framework that is fully autonomous, visual, and interactive. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for private network planning services, providing an end-to-end solution that receives visual and sensory data from the user device, reconstructs the 3D network environment and performs network planning on the server, and visualizes the network performance with augmented reality (AR) on the display of the user devices. The solution is empowered by three key technical components: 1) vision- and sensor fusion-based 3D environment reconstruction, 2) ray tracing-based radio map generation and network planning, and 3) AR-empowered network visualization enabled by real-time camera relocalization. We conducted the proof-of-concept in a Bosch plant in Germany and showed good network coverage of the optimized antenna location, as well as high accuracy in both environment reconstruction and camera relocalization. We also achieved real-time AR-supported network monitoring with an end-to-end latency of about 32 ms per frame.      
### 31.Feature Representation Learning for Robust Retinal Disease Detection from Optical Coherence Tomography Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12136.pdf)
>  Ophthalmic images may contain identical-looking pathologies that can cause failure in automated techniques to distinguish different retinal degenerative diseases. Additionally, reliance on large annotated datasets and lack of knowledge distillation can restrict ML-based clinical support systems' deployment in real-world environments. To improve the robustness and transferability of knowledge, an enhanced feature-learning module is required to extract meaningful spatial representations from the retinal subspace. Such a module, if used effectively, can detect unique disease traits and differentiate the severity of such retinal degenerative pathologies. In this work, we propose a robust disease detection architecture with three learning heads, i) A supervised encoder for retinal disease classification, ii) An unsupervised decoder for the reconstruction of disease-specific spatial information, and iii) A novel representation learning module for learning the similarity between encoder-decoder feature and enhancing the accuracy of the model. Our experimental results on two publicly available OCT datasets illustrate that the proposed model outperforms existing state-of-the-art models in terms of accuracy, interpretability, and robustness for out-of-distribution retinal disease detection.      
### 32.Dissecting U-net for Seismic Application: An In-Depth Study on Deep Learning Multiple Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12112.pdf)
>  Seismic processing often requires suppressing multiples that appear when collecting data. To tackle these artifacts, practitioners usually rely on Radon transform-based algorithms as post-migration gather conditioning. However, such traditional approaches are both time-consuming and parameter-dependent, making them fairly complex. In this work, we present a deep learning-based alternative that provides competitive results, while reducing its usage's complexity, and hence democratizing its applicability. We observe an excellent performance of our network when inferring complex field data, despite the fact of being solely trained on synthetics. Furthermore, extensive experiments show that our proposal can preserve the inherent characteristics of the data, avoiding undesired over-smoothed results, while removing the multiples. Finally, we conduct an in-depth analysis of the model, where we pinpoint the effects of the main hyperparameters with physical events. To the best of our knowledge, this study pioneers the unboxing of neural networks for the demultiple process, helping the user to gain insights into the inside running of the network.      
### 33.TIAger: Tumor-Infiltrating Lymphocyte Scoring in Breast Cancer for the TiGER Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.11943.pdf)
>  The quantification of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) has been shown to be an independent predictor for prognosis of breast cancer patients. Typically, pathologists give an estimate of the proportion of the stromal region that contains TILs to obtain a TILs score. The Tumor InfiltratinG lymphocytes in breast cancER (TiGER) challenge, aims to assess the prognostic significance of computer-generated TILs scores for predicting survival as part of a Cox proportional hazards model. For this challenge, as the TIAger team, we have developed an algorithm to first segment tumor vs. stroma, before localising the tumor bulk region for TILs detection. Finally, we use these outputs to generate a TILs score for each case. On preliminary testing, our approach achieved a tumor-stroma weighted Dice score of 0.791 and a FROC score of 0.572 for lymphocytic detection. For predicting survival, our model achieved a C-index of 0.719. These results achieved first place across the preliminary testing leaderboards of the TiGER challenge.      
