# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 2 Jun 2022
### 1.MonoSDF: Exploring Monocular Geometric Cues for Neural Implicit Surface Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00665.pdf)
>  In recent years, neural implicit surface reconstruction methods have become popular for multi-view 3D reconstruction. In contrast to traditional multi-view stereo methods, these approaches tend to produce smoother and more complete reconstructions due to the inductive smoothness bias of neural networks. State-of-the-art neural implicit methods allow for high-quality reconstructions of simple scenes from many input views. Yet, their performance drops significantly for larger and more complex scenes and scenes captured from sparse viewpoints. This is caused primarily by the inherent ambiguity in the RGB reconstruction loss that does not provide enough constraints, in particular in less-observed and textureless areas. Motivated by recent advances in the area of monocular geometry prediction, we systematically explore the utility these cues provide for improving neural implicit surface reconstruction. We demonstrate that depth and normal cues, predicted by general-purpose monocular estimators, significantly improve reconstruction quality and optimization time. Further, we analyse and investigate multiple design choices for representing neural implicit surfaces, ranging from monolithic MLP models over single-grid to multi-resolution grid representations. We observe that geometric monocular priors improve performance both for small-scale single-object as well as large-scale multi-object scenes, independent of the choice of representation.      
### 2.Extreme Floorplan Reconstruction by Structure-Hallucinating Transformer Cascades  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00645.pdf)
>  This paper presents an extreme floorplan reconstruction task, a new benchmark for the task, and a neural architecture as a solution. Given a partial floorplan reconstruction inferred or curated from panorama images, the task is to reconstruct a complete floorplan including invisible architectural structures. The proposed neural network 1) encodes an input partial floorplan into a set of latent vectors by convolutional neural networks and a Transformer; and 2) reconstructs an entire floorplan while hallucinating invisible rooms and doors by cascading Transformer decoders. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate effectiveness of our approach over the benchmark of 701 houses, outperforming the state-of-the-art reconstruction techniques. We will share our code, models, and data.      
### 3.Unifying Voxel-based Representation with Transformer for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00630.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a unified framework for multi-modality 3D object detection, named UVTR. The proposed method aims to unify multi-modality representations in the voxel space for accurate and robust single- or cross-modality 3D detection. To this end, the modality-specific space is first designed to represent different inputs in the voxel feature space. Different from previous work, our approach preserves the voxel space without height compression to alleviate semantic ambiguity and enable spatial interactions. Benefit from the unified manner, cross-modality interaction is then proposed to make full use of inherent properties from different sensors, including knowledge transfer and modality fusion. In this way, geometry-aware expressions in point clouds and context-rich features in images are well utilized for better performance and robustness. The transformer decoder is applied to efficiently sample features from the unified space with learnable positions, which facilitates object-level interactions. In general, UVTR presents an early attempt to represent different modalities in a unified framework. It surpasses previous work in single- and multi-modality entries and achieves leading performance in the nuScenes test set with 69.7%, 55.1%, and 71.1% NDS for LiDAR, camera, and multi-modality inputs, respectively. Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/UVTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.CLIP4IDC: CLIP for Image Difference Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00629.pdf)
>  Image Difference Captioning (IDC) aims at generating sentences to describe the differences between two similar-looking images. The conventional approaches learn captioning models on the offline-extracted visual features and the learning can not be propagated back to the fixed feature extractors pre-trained on image classification datasets. Accordingly, potential improvements can be made by fine-tuning the visual features for: 1) narrowing the gap when generalizing the visual extractor trained on image classification to IDC, and 2) relating the extracted visual features to the descriptions of the corresponding changes. We thus propose CLIP4IDC to transfer a CLIP model for the IDC task to attain these improvements. Different from directly fine-tuning CLIP to generate sentences, a task-specific domain adaptation is used to improve the extracted features. Specifically, the target is to train CLIP on raw pixels to relate the image pairs to the described changes. Afterwards, a vanilla Transformer is trained for IDC on the features extracted by the vision encoder of CLIP. Experiments on three IDC benchmark datasets, CLEVR-Change, Spot-the-Diff and Image-Editing-Request, demonstrate the effectiveness of CLIP4IDC. Our code and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sushizixin/CLIP4IDC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Dual-stream spatiotemporal networks with feature sharing for monitoring animals in the home cage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00614.pdf)
>  This paper presents a spatiotemporal deep learning approach for mouse behavioural classification in the home cage. Using a series of dual-stream architectures with assorted modifications to increase performance, we introduce a novel feature-sharing approach that jointly processes the streams at regular intervals throughout the network. Using a publicly available labelled dataset of singly-housed mice, we achieve a prediction accuracy of 86.47% using an ensemble of Inception-based networks that utilize feature sharing. We also demonstrate through ablation studies that for all models, the feature-sharing architectures consistently perform better than conventional ones having separate streams. The best performing models were further evaluated on other activity datasets, both mouse and human, and achieved state-of-the-art results. Future work will investigate the effectiveness of feature sharing in behavioural classification in the unsupervised anomaly detection domain.      
### 6.On the Choice of Data for Efficient Training and Validation of End-to-End Driving Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00608.pdf)
>  The emergence of data-driven machine learning (ML) has facilitated significant progress in many complicated tasks such as highly-automated driving. While much effort is put into improving the ML models and learning algorithms in such applications, little focus is put into how the training data and/or validation setting should be designed. In this paper we investigate the influence of several data design choices regarding training and validation of deep driving models trainable in an end-to-end fashion. Specifically, (i) we investigate how the amount of training data influences the final driving performance, and which performance limitations are induced through currently used mechanisms to generate training data. (ii) Further, we show by correlation analysis, which validation design enables the driving performance measured during validation to generalize well to unknown test environments. (iii) Finally, we investigate the effect of random seeding and non-determinism, giving insights which reported improvements can be deemed significant. Our evaluations using the popular CARLA simulator provide recommendations regarding data generation and driving route selection for an efficient future development of end-to-end driving models.      
### 7.Dog nose print matching with dual global descriptor based on Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00580.pdf)
>  Recent studies in biometric-based identification tasks have shown that deep learning methods can achieve better performance. These methods generally extract the global features as descriptor to represent the original image. Nonetheless, it does not perform well for biometric identification under fine-grained tasks. The main reason is that the single image descriptor contains insufficient information to represent image. In this paper, we present a dual global descriptor model, which combines multiple global descriptors to exploit multi level image features. Moreover, we utilize a contrastive loss to enlarge the distance between image representations of confusing classes. The proposed framework achieves the top2 on the CVPR2022 Biometrics Workshop Pet Biometric Challenge. The source code and trained models are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/flyingsheepbin/pet-biometrics" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.Deepfake Caricatures: Amplifying attention to artifacts increases deepfake detection by humans and machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00535.pdf)
>  Deepfakes pose a serious threat to our digital society by fueling the spread of misinformation. It is essential to develop techniques that both detect them, and effectively alert the human user to their presence. Here, we introduce a novel deepfake detection framework that meets both of these needs. Our approach learns to generate attention maps of video artifacts, semi-supervised on human annotations. These maps make two contributions. First, they improve the accuracy and generalizability of a deepfake classifier, demonstrated across several deepfake detection datasets. Second, they allow us to generate an intuitive signal for the human user, in the form of "Deepfake Caricatures": transformations of the original deepfake video where attended artifacts are exacerbated to improve human recognition. Our approach, based on a mixture of human and artificial supervision, aims to further the development of countermeasures against fake visual content, and grants humans the ability to make their own judgment when presented with dubious visual media.      
### 9.Amodal Cityscapes: A New Dataset, its Generation, and an Amodal Semantic Segmentation Challenge Baseline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00527.pdf)
>  Amodal perception terms the ability of humans to imagine the entire shapes of occluded objects. This gives humans an advantage to keep track of everything that is going on, especially in crowded situations. Typical perception functions, however, lack amodal perception abilities and are therefore at a disadvantage in situations with occlusions. Complex urban driving scenarios often experience many different types of occlusions and, therefore, amodal perception for automated vehicles is an important task to investigate. In this paper, we consider the task of amodal semantic segmentation and propose a generic way to generate datasets to train amodal semantic segmentation methods. We use this approach to generate an amodal Cityscapes dataset. Moreover, we propose and evaluate a method as baseline on Amodal Cityscapes, showing its applicability for amodal semantic segmentation in automotive environment perception. We provide the means to re-generate this dataset on github.      
### 10.Landslide4Sense: Reference Benchmark Data and Deep Learning Models for Landslide Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00515.pdf)
>  This study introduces \textit{Landslide4Sense}, a reference benchmark for landslide detection from remote sensing. The repository features 3,799 image patches fusing optical layers from Sentinel-2 sensors with the digital elevation model and slope layer derived from ALOS PALSAR. The added topographical information facilitates an accurate detection of landslide borders, which recent researches have shown to be challenging using optical data alone. The extensive data set supports deep learning (DL) studies in landslide detection and the development and validation of methods for the systematic update of landslide inventories. The benchmark data set has been collected at four different times and geographical locations: Iburi (September 2018), Kodagu (August 2018), Gorkha (April 2015), and Taiwan (August 2009). Each image pixel is labelled as belonging to a landslide or not, incorporating various sources and thorough manual annotation. We then evaluate the landslide detection performance of 11 state-of-the-art DL segmentation models: U-Net, ResU-Net, PSPNet, ContextNet, DeepLab-v2, DeepLab-v3+, FCN-8s, LinkNet, FRRN-A, FRRN-B, and SQNet. All models were trained from scratch on patches from one quarter of each study area and tested on independent patches from the other three quarters. Our experiments demonstrate that ResU-Net outperformed the other models for the landslide detection task. We make the multi-source landslide benchmark data (Landslide4Sense) and the tested DL models publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.landslide4sense.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}, establishing an important resource for remote sensing, computer vision, and machine learning communities in studies of image classification in general and applications to landslide detection in particular.      
### 11.Proximally Sensitive Error for Anomaly Detection and Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00506.pdf)
>  Mean squared error (MSE) is one of the most widely used metrics to expression differences between multi-dimensional entities, including images. However, MSE is not locally sensitive as it does not take into account the spatial arrangement of the (pixel) differences, which matters for structured data types like images. Such spatial arrangements carry information about the source of the differences; therefore, an error function that also incorporates the location of errors can lead to a more meaningful distance measure. We introduce Proximally Sensitive Error (PSE), through which we suggest that a regional emphasis in the error measure can 'highlight' semantic differences between images over syntactic/random deviations. We demonstrate that this emphasis can be leveraged upon for the task of anomaly/occlusion detection. We further explore its utility as a loss function to help a model focus on learning representations of semantic objects instead of minimizing syntactic reconstruction noise.      
### 12.Semantic Room Wireframe Detection from a Single View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00491.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of indoor surfaces with limited texture information or with repeated textures, a situation common in walls and ceilings, may be difficult with a monocular Structure from Motion system. We propose a Semantic Room Wireframe Detection task to predict a Semantic Wireframe from a single perspective image. Such predictions may be used with shape priors to estimate the Room Layout and aid reconstruction. To train and test the proposed algorithm we create a new set of annotations from the simulated Structured3D dataset. We show qualitatively that the SRW-Net handles complex room geometries better than previous Room Layout Estimation algorithms while quantitatively out-performing the baseline in non-semantic Wireframe Detection.      
### 13.Attack-Agnostic Adversarial Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00489.pdf)
>  The growing number of adversarial attacks in recent years gives attackers an advantage over defenders, as defenders must train detectors after knowing the types of attacks, and many models need to be maintained to ensure good performance in detecting any upcoming attacks. We propose a way to end the tug-of-war between attackers and defenders by treating adversarial attack detection as an anomaly detection problem so that the detector is agnostic to the attack. We quantify the statistical deviation caused by adversarial perturbations in two aspects. The Least Significant Component Feature (LSCF) quantifies the deviation of adversarial examples from the statistics of benign samples and Hessian Feature (HF) reflects how adversarial examples distort the landscape of the model's optima by measuring the local loss curvature. Empirical results show that our method can achieve an overall ROC AUC of 94.9%, 89.7%, and 94.6% on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and SVHN, respectively, and has comparable performance to adversarial detectors trained with adversarial examples on most of the attacks.      
### 14.Where are my Neighbors? Exploiting Patches Relations in Self-Supervised Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00481.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViTs) enabled the use of transformer architecture on vision tasks showing impressive performances when trained on big datasets. However, on relatively small datasets, ViTs are less accurate given their lack of inductive bias. To this end, we propose a simple but still effective self-supervised learning (SSL) strategy to train ViTs, that without any external annotation, can significantly improve the results. Specifically, we define a set of SSL tasks based on relations of image patches that the model has to solve before or jointly during the downstream training. Differently from ViT, our RelViT model optimizes all the output tokens of the transformer encoder that are related to the image patches, thus exploiting more training signal at each training step. We investigated our proposed methods on several image benchmarks finding that RelViT improves the SSL state-of-the-art methods by a large margin, especially on small datasets.      
### 15.PanopticDepth: A Unified Framework for Depth-aware Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00468.pdf)
>  This paper presents a unified framework for depth-aware panoptic segmentation (DPS), which aims to reconstruct 3D scene with instance-level semantics from one single image. Prior works address this problem by simply adding a dense depth regression head to panoptic segmentation (PS) networks, resulting in two independent task branches. This neglects the mutually-beneficial relations between these two tasks, thus failing to exploit handy instance-level semantic cues to boost depth accuracy while also producing sub-optimal depth maps. To overcome these limitations, we propose a unified framework for the DPS task by applying a dynamic convolution technique to both the PS and depth prediction tasks. Specifically, instead of predicting depth for all pixels at a time, we generate instance-specific kernels to predict depth and segmentation masks for each instance. Moreover, leveraging the instance-wise depth estimation scheme, we add additional instance-level depth cues to assist with supervising the depth learning via a new depth loss. Extensive experiments on Cityscapes-DPS and SemKITTI-DPS show the effectiveness and promise of our method. We hope our unified solution to DPS can lead a new paradigm in this area. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NaiyuGao/PanopticDepth" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.CD$^2$: Fine-grained 3D Mesh Reconstruction with Twice Chamfer Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00447.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D reconstruction is to reconstruct the shape of object and its other detailed information from a single RGB image. In 3D reconstruction, polygon mesh is the most prevalent expression form obtained from deep learning models, with detailed surface information and low computational cost. However, some state-of-the-art works fail to generate well-structured meshes, these meshes have two severe problems which we call Vertices Clustering and Illegal Twist. By delving into the mesh deformation procedure, we pinpoint the inadequate usage of Chamfer Distance(CD) metric in deep learning model. In this paper, we initially demonstrate the problems resulting from CD with visual examples and quantitative analyses. To solve these problems, we propose a fine-grained reconstruction method CD$^2$ with Chamfer distance adopted twice to perform a plausible and adaptive deformation. Extensive experiments on two 3D datasets and the comparison of our newly proposed mesh quality metrics demonstrate that our CD$^2$ outperforms others by generating better-structured meshes.      
### 17.Learning Invariant Visual Representations for Compositional Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00415.pdf)
>  Compositional Zero-Shot Learning (CZSL) aims to recognize novel compositions using knowledge learned from seen attribute-object compositions in the training set. Previous works mainly project an image and a composition into a common embedding space to measure their compatibility score. However, both attributes and objects share the visual representations learned above, leading the model to exploit spurious correlations and bias towards seen pairs. Instead, we reconsider CZSL as an out-of-distribution generalization problem. If an object is treated as a domain, we can learn object-invariant features to recognize the attributes attached to any object reliably. Similarly, attribute-invariant features can also be learned when recognizing the objects with attributes as domains. Specifically, we propose an invariant feature learning framework to align different domains at the representation and gradient levels to capture the intrinsic characteristics associated with the tasks. Experiments on two CZSL benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed method significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art.      
### 18.DiVAE: Photorealistic Images Synthesis with Denoising Diffusion Decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00386.pdf)
>  Recently most successful image synthesis models are multi stage process to combine the advantages of different methods, which always includes a VAE-like model for faithfully reconstructing embedding to image and a prior model to generate image embedding. At the same time, diffusion models have shown be capacity to generate high-quality synthetic images. Our work proposes a VQ-VAE architecture model with a diffusion decoder (DiVAE) to work as the reconstructing component in image synthesis. We explore how to input image embedding into diffusion model for excellent performance and find that simple modification on diffusion's UNet can achieve it. Training on ImageNet, Our model achieves state-of-the-art results and generates more photorealistic images specifically. In addition, we apply the DiVAE with an Auto-regressive generator on conditional synthesis tasks to perform more human-feeling and detailed samples.      
### 19.A Generalized Supervised Contrastive Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00384.pdf)
>  Based on recent remarkable achievements of contrastive learning in self-supervised representation learning, supervised contrastive learning (SupCon) has successfully extended the batch contrastive approaches to the supervised context and outperformed cross-entropy on various datasets on ResNet. In this work, we present GenSCL: a generalized supervised contrastive learning framework that seamlessly adapts modern image-based regularizations (such as Mixup-Cutmix) and knowledge distillation (KD) to SupCon by our generalized supervised contrastive loss. Generalized supervised contrastive loss is a further extension of supervised contrastive loss measuring cross-entropy between the similarity of labels and that of latent features. Then a model can learn to what extent contrastives should be pulled closer to an anchor in the latent space. By explicitly and fully leveraging label information, GenSCL breaks the boundary between conventional positives and negatives, and any kind of pre-trained teacher classifier can be utilized. ResNet-50 trained in GenSCL with Mixup-Cutmix and KD achieves state-of-the-art accuracies of 97.6% and 84.7% on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 without external data, which significantly improves the results reported in the original SupCon (1.6% and 8.2%, respectively). Pytorch implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://t.ly/yuUO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Elucidating the Design Space of Diffusion-Based Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00364.pdf)
>  We argue that the theory and practice of diffusion-based generative models are currently unnecessarily convoluted and seek to remedy the situation by presenting a design space that clearly separates the concrete design choices. This lets us identify several changes to both the sampling and training processes, as well as preconditioning of the score networks. Together, our improvements yield new state-of-the-art FID of 1.79 for CIFAR-10 in a class-conditional setting and 1.97 in an unconditional setting, with much faster sampling (35 network evaluations per image) than prior designs. To further demonstrate their modular nature, we show that our design changes dramatically improve both the efficiency and quality obtainable with pre-trained score networks from previous work, including improving the FID of an existing ImageNet-64 model from 2.07 to near-SOTA 1.55.      
### 21.DeepCluE: Enhanced Image Clustering via Multi-layer Ensembles in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00359.pdf)
>  Deep clustering has recently emerged as a promising technique for complex image clustering. Despite the significant progress, previous deep clustering works mostly tend to construct the final clustering by utilizing a single layer of representation, e.g., by performing $K$-means on the last fully-connected layer or by associating some clustering loss to a specific layer. However, few of them have considered the possibilities and potential benefits of jointly leveraging multi-layer representations for enhancing the deep clustering performance. In light of this, this paper presents a Deep Clustering via Ensembles (DeepCluE) approach, which bridges the gap between deep clustering and ensemble clustering by harnessing the power of multiple layers in deep neural networks. Particularly, we utilize a weight-sharing convolutional neural network as the backbone, which is trained with both the instance-level contrastive learning (via an instance projector) and the cluster-level contrastive learning (via a cluster projector) in an unsupervised manner. Thereafter, multiple layers of feature representations are extracted from the trained network, upon which a set of diversified base clusterings can be generated via a highly efficient clusterer. Then, the reliability of the clusters in multiple base clusterings is automatically estimated by exploiting an entropy-based criterion, based on which the multiple base clusterings are further formulated into a weighted-cluster bipartite graph. By partitioning this bipartite graph via transfer cut, the final image clustering result can therefore be obtained. Experimental results on six image datasets confirm the advantages of our DeepCluE approach over the state-of-the-art deep clustering approaches.      
### 22.Self-Supervised Learning as a Means To Reduce the Need for Labeled Data in Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00344.pdf)
>  One of the largest problems in medical image processing is the lack of annotated data. Labeling medical images often requires highly trained experts and can be a time-consuming process. In this paper, we evaluate a method of reducing the need for labeled data in medical image object detection by using self-supervised neural network pretraining. We use a dataset of chest X-ray images with bounding box labels for 13 different classes of anomalies. The networks are pretrained on a percentage of the dataset without labels and then fine-tuned on the rest of the dataset. We show that it is possible to achieve similar performance to a fully supervised model in terms of mean average precision and accuracy with only 60\% of the labeled data. We also show that it is possible to increase the maximum performance of a fully-supervised model by adding a self-supervised pretraining step, and this effect can be observed with even a small amount of unlabeled data for pretraining.      
### 23.Towards view-invariant vehicle speed detection from driving simulator images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00343.pdf)
>  The use of cameras for vehicle speed measurement is much more cost effective compared to other technologies such as inductive loops, radar or laser. However, accurate speed measurement remains a challenge due to the inherent limitations of cameras to provide accurate range estimates. In addition, classical vision-based methods are very sensitive to extrinsic calibration between the camera and the road. In this context, the use of data-driven approaches appears as an interesting alternative. However, data collection requires a complex and costly setup to record videos under real traffic conditions from the camera synchronized with a high-precision speed sensor to generate the ground truth speed values. It has recently been demonstrated that the use of driving simulators (e.g., CARLA) can serve as a robust alternative for generating large synthetic datasets to enable the application of deep learning techniques for vehicle speed estimation for a single camera. In this paper, we study the same problem using multiple cameras in different virtual locations and with different extrinsic parameters. We address the question of whether complex 3D-CNN architectures are capable of implicitly learning view-invariant speeds using a single model, or whether view-specific models are more appropriate. The results are very promising as they show that a single model with data from multiple views reports even better accuracy than camera-specific models, paving the way towards a view-invariant vehicle speed measurement system.      
### 24.MaskOCR: Text Recognition with Masked Encoder-Decoder Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00311.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a model pretraining technique, named MaskOCR, for text recognition. Our text recognition architecture is an encoder-decoder transformer: the encoder extracts the patch-level representations, and the decoder recognizes the text from the representations. Our approach pretrains both the encoder and the decoder in a sequential manner. (i) We pretrain the encoder in a self-supervised manner over a large set of unlabeled real text images. We adopt the masked image modeling approach, which shows the effectiveness for general images, expecting that the representations take on semantics. (ii) We pretrain the decoder over a large set of synthesized text images in a supervised manner and enhance the language modeling capability of the decoder by randomly masking some text image patches occupied by characters input to the encoder and accordingly the representations input to the decoder. Experiments show that the proposed MaskOCR approach achieves superior results on the benchmark datasets, including Chinese and English text images.      
### 25.Label-Efficient Online Continual Object Detection in Streaming Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00309.pdf)
>  To thrive in evolving environments, humans are capable of continual acquisition and transfer of new knowledge, from a continuous video stream, with minimal supervisions, while retaining previously learnt experiences. In contrast to human learning, most standard continual learning benchmarks focus on learning from static iid images in fully supervised settings. Here, we examine a more realistic and challenging problem$\unicode{x2014}$Label-Efficient Online Continual Object Detection (LEOCOD) in video streams. By addressing this problem, it would greatly benefit many real-world applications with reduced annotation costs and retraining time. To tackle this problem, we seek inspirations from complementary learning systems (CLS) in human brains and propose a computational model, dubbed as Efficient-CLS. Functionally correlated with the hippocampus and the neocortex in CLS, Efficient-CLS posits a memory encoding mechanism involving bidirectional interaction between fast and slow learners via synaptic weight transfers and pattern replays. We test Efficient-CLS and competitive baselines in two challenging real-world video stream datasets. Like humans, Efficient-CLS learns to detect new object classes incrementally from a continuous temporal stream of non-repeating video with minimal forgetting. Remarkably, with only 25% annotated video frames, our Efficient-CLS still leads among all comparative models, which are trained with 100% annotations on all video frames. The data and source code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/showlab/Efficient-CLS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Efficient Multi-Purpose Cross-Attention Based Image Alignment Block for Edge Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00291.pdf)
>  Image alignment, also known as image registration, is a critical block used in many computer vision problems. One of the key factors in alignment is efficiency, as inefficient aligners can cause significant overhead to the overall problem. In the literature, there are some blocks that appear to do the alignment operation, although most do not focus on efficiency. Therefore, an image alignment block which can both work in time and/or space and can work on edge devices would be beneficial for almost all networks dealing with multiple images. Given its wide usage and importance, we propose an efficient, cross-attention-based, multi-purpose image alignment block (XABA) suitable to work within edge devices. Using cross-attention, we exploit the relationships between features extracted from images. To make cross-attention feasible for real-time image alignment problems and handle large motions, we provide a pyramidal block based cross-attention scheme. This also captures local relationships besides reducing memory requirements and number of operations. Efficient XABA models achieve real-time requirements of running above 20 FPS performance on NVIDIA Jetson Xavier with 30W power consumption compared to other powerful computers. Used as a sub-block in a larger network, XABA also improves multi-image super-resolution network performance in comparison to other alignment methods.      
### 27.Needle In A Haystack, Fast: Benchmarking Image Perceptual Similarity Metrics At Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00282.pdf)
>  The advent of the internet, followed shortly by the social media made it ubiquitous in consuming and sharing information between anyone with access to it. The evolution in the consumption of media driven by this change, led to the emergence of images as means to express oneself, convey information and convince others efficiently. With computer vision algorithms progressing radically over the last decade, it is become easier and easier to study at scale the role of images in the flow of information online. While the research questions and overall pipelines differ radically, almost all start with a crucial first step - evaluation of global perceptual similarity between different images. That initial step is crucial for overall pipeline performance and processes most images. A number of algorithms are available and currently used to perform it, but so far no comprehensive review was available to guide the choice of researchers as to the choice of an algorithm best suited to their question, assumptions and computational resources. With this paper we aim to fill this gap, showing that classical computer vision methods are not necessarily the best approach, whereas a pair of relatively little used methods - Dhash perceptual hash and SimCLR v2 ResNets achieve excellent performance, scale well and are computationally efficient.      
### 28.Automatic Bounding Box Annotation with Small Training Data Sets for Industrial Manufacturing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00280.pdf)
>  In the past few years, object detection has attracted a lot of attention in the context of human-robot collaboration and Industry 5.0 due to enormous quality improvements in deep learning technologies. In many applications, object detection models have to be able to quickly adapt to a changing environment, i.e., to learn new objects. A crucial but challenging prerequisite for this is the automatic generation of new training data which currently still limits the broad application of object detection methods in industrial manufacturing. In this work, we discuss how to adapt state-of-the-art object detection methods for the task of automatic bounding box annotation for the use case where the background is homogeneous and the object's label is provided by a human. We compare an adapted version of Faster R-CNN and the Scaled Yolov4-p5 architecture and show that both can be trained to distinguish unknown objects from a complex but homogeneous background using only a small amount of training data.      
### 29.Point-Teaching: Weakly Semi-Supervised Object Detection with Point Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00274.pdf)
>  Point annotations are considerably more time-efficient than bounding box annotations. However, how to use cheap point annotations to boost the performance of semi-supervised object detection remains largely unsolved. In this work, we present Point-Teaching, a weakly semi-supervised object detection framework to fully exploit the point annotations. Specifically, we propose a Hungarian-based point matching method to generate pseudo labels for point annotated images. We further propose multiple instance learning (MIL) approaches at the level of images and points to supervise the object detector with point annotations. Finally, we propose a simple-yet-effective data augmentation, termed point-guided copy-paste, to reduce the impact of the unmatched points. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on a few datasets and various data regimes.      
### 30.Vision GNN: An Image is Worth Graph of Nodes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00272.pdf)
>  Network architecture plays a key role in the deep learning-based computer vision system. The widely-used convolutional neural network and transformer treat the image as a grid or sequence structure, which is not flexible to capture irregular and complex objects. In this paper, we propose to represent the image as a graph structure and introduce a new Vision GNN (ViG) architecture to extract graph-level feature for visual tasks. We first split the image to a number of patches which are viewed as nodes, and construct a graph by connecting the nearest neighbors. Based on the graph representation of images, we build our ViG model to transform and exchange information among all the nodes. ViG consists of two basic modules: Grapher module with graph convolution for aggregating and updating graph information, and FFN module with two linear layers for node feature transformation. Both isotropic and pyramid architectures of ViG are built with different model sizes. Extensive experiments on image recognition and object detection tasks demonstrate the superiority of our ViG architecture. We hope this pioneering study of GNN on general visual tasks will provide useful inspiration and experience for future research. The PyTroch code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huawei-noah/CV-Backbones" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and the MindSpore code will be avaiable at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitee.com/mindspore/models" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Interpretable Deep Learning Classifier by Detection of Prototypical Parts on Kidney Stones Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00252.pdf)
>  Identifying the type of kidney stones can allow urologists to determine their formation cause, improving the early prescription of appropriate treatments to diminish future relapses. However, currently, the associated ex-vivo diagnosis (known as morpho-constitutional analysis, MCA) is time-consuming, expensive, and requires a great deal of experience, as it requires a visual analysis component that is highly operator dependant. Recently, machine learning methods have been developed for in-vivo endoscopic stone recognition. Shallow methods have been demonstrated to be reliable and interpretable but exhibit low accuracy, while deep learning-based methods yield high accuracy but are not explainable. However, high stake decisions require understandable computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) to suggest a course of action based on reasonable evidence, rather than merely prescribe one. Herein, we investigate means for learning part-prototypes (PPs) that enable interpretable models. Our proposal suggests a classification for a kidney stone patch image and provides explanations in a similar way as those used on the MCA method.      
### 32.Fair Comparison between Efficient Attentions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00244.pdf)
>  Transformers have been successfully used in various fields and are becoming the standard tools in computer vision. However, self-attention, a core component of transformers, has a quadratic complexity problem, which limits the use of transformers in various vision tasks that require dense prediction. Many studies aiming at solving this problem have been reported proposed. However, no comparative study of these methods using the same scale has been reported due to different model configurations, training schemes, and new methods. In our paper, we validate these efficient attention models on the ImageNet1K classification task by changing only the attention operation and examining which efficient attention is better.      
### 33.Rethinking the Augmentation Module in Contrastive Learning: Learning Hierarchical Augmentation Invariance with Expanded Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00227.pdf)
>  A data augmentation module is utilized in contrastive learning to transform the given data example into two views, which is considered essential and irreplaceable. However, the predetermined composition of multiple data augmentations brings two drawbacks. First, the artificial choice of augmentation types brings specific representational invariances to the model, which have different degrees of positive and negative effects on different downstream tasks. Treating each type of augmentation equally during training makes the model learn non-optimal representations for various downstream tasks and limits the flexibility to choose augmentation types beforehand. Second, the strong data augmentations used in classic contrastive learning methods may bring too much invariance in some cases, and fine-grained information that is essential to some downstream tasks may be lost. This paper proposes a general method to alleviate these two problems by considering where and what to contrast in a general contrastive learning framework. We first propose to learn different augmentation invariances at different depths of the model according to the importance of each data augmentation instead of learning representational invariances evenly in the backbone. We then propose to expand the contrast content with augmentation embeddings to reduce the misleading effects of strong data augmentations. Experiments based on several baseline methods demonstrate that we learn better representations for various benchmarks on classification, detection, and segmentation downstream tasks.      
### 34.Cross-domain Detection Transformer based on Spatial-aware and Semantic-aware Token Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00222.pdf)
>  Detection transformers like DETR have recently shown promising performance on many object detection tasks, but the generalization ability of those methods is still quite challenging for cross-domain adaptation scenarios. To address the cross-domain issue, a straightforward way is to perform token alignment with adversarial training in transformers. However, its performance is often unsatisfactory as the tokens in detection transformers are quite diverse and represent different spatial and semantic information. In this paper, we propose a new method called Spatial-aware and Semantic-aware Token Alignment (SSTA) for cross-domain detection transformers. In particular, we take advantage of the characteristics of cross-attention as used in detection transformer and propose the spatial-aware token alignment (SpaTA) and the semantic-aware token alignment (SemTA) strategies to guide the token alignment across domains. For spatial-aware token alignment, we can extract the information from the cross-attention map (CAM) to align the distribution of tokens according to their attention to object queries. For semantic-aware token alignment, we inject the category information into the cross-attention map and construct domain embedding to guide the learning of a multi-class discriminator so as to model the category relationship and achieve category-level token alignment during the entire adaptation process. We conduct extensive experiments on several widely-used benchmarks, and the results clearly show the effectiveness of our proposed method over existing state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 35.LiDAR-MIMO: Efficient Uncertainty Estimation for LiDAR-based 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00214.pdf)
>  The estimation of uncertainty in robotic vision, such as 3D object detection, is an essential component in developing safe autonomous systems aware of their own performance. However, the deployment of current uncertainty estimation methods in 3D object detection remains challenging due to timing and computational constraints. To tackle this issue, we propose LiDAR-MIMO, an adaptation of the multi-input multi-output (MIMO) uncertainty estimation method to the LiDAR-based 3D object detection task. Our method modifies the original MIMO by performing multi-input at the feature level to ensure the detection, uncertainty estimation, and runtime performance benefits are retained despite the limited capacity of the underlying detector and the large computational costs of point cloud processing. We compare LiDAR-MIMO with MC dropout and ensembles as baselines and show comparable uncertainty estimation results with only a small number of output heads. Further, LiDAR-MIMO can be configured to be twice as fast as MC dropout and ensembles, while achieving higher mAP than MC dropout and approaching that of ensembles.      
### 36.CAFA: Class-Aware Feature Alignment for Test-Time Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00205.pdf)
>  Despite recent advancements in deep learning, deep networks still suffer from performance degradation when they face new and different data from their training distributions. Addressing such a problem, test-time adaptation (TTA) aims to adapt a model to unlabeled test data on test time while making predictions simultaneously. TTA applies to pretrained networks without modifying their training procedures, which enables to utilize the already well-formed source distribution for adaptation. One possible approach is to align the representation space of test samples to the source distribution (\textit{i.e.,} feature alignment). However, performing feature alignments in TTA is especially challenging in that the access to labeled source data is restricted during adaptation. That is, a model does not have a chance to learn test data in a class-discriminative manner, which was feasible in other adaptation tasks (\textit{e.g.,} unsupervised domain adaptation) via supervised loss on the source data. Based on such an observation, this paper proposes \emph{a simple yet effective} feature alignment loss, termed as Class-Aware Feature Alignment (CAFA), which 1) encourages a model to learn target representations in a class-discriminative manner and 2) effectively mitigates the distribution shifts in test time, simultaneously. Our method does not require any hyper-parameters or additional losses, which are required in the previous approaches. We conduct extensive experiments and show our proposed method consistently outperforms existing baselines.      
### 37.Differentiable Soft-Masked Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00182.pdf)
>  Transformers have become prevalent in computer vision due to their performance and flexibility in modelling complex operations. Of particular significance is the 'cross-attention' operation, which allows a vector representation (e.g. of an object in an image) to be learned by attending to an arbitrarily sized set of input features. Recently, "Masked Attention" was proposed in which a given object representation only attends to those image pixel features for which the segmentation mask of that object is active. This specialization of attention proved beneficial for various image and video segmentation tasks. In this paper, we propose another specialization of attention which enables attending over `soft-masks' (those with continuous mask probabilities instead of binary values), and is also differentiable through these mask probabilities, thus allowing the mask used for attention to be learned within the network without requiring direct loss supervision. This can be useful for several applications. Specifically, we employ our "Differentiable Soft-Masked Attention" for the task of Weakly-Supervised Video Object Segmentation (VOS), where we develop a transformer-based network for VOS which only requires a single annotated image frame for training, but can also benefit from cycle consistency training on a video with just one annotated frame. Although there is no loss for masks in unlabeled frames, the network is still able to segment objects in those frames due to our novel attention formulation.      
### 38.Labeling Where Adapting Fails: Cross-Domain Semantic Segmentation with Point Supervision via Active Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00181.pdf)
>  Training models dedicated to semantic segmentation requires a large amount of pixel-wise annotated data. Due to their costly nature, these annotations might not be available for the task at hand. To alleviate this problem, unsupervised domain adaptation approaches aim at aligning the feature distributions between the labeled source and the unlabeled target data. While these strategies lead to noticeable improvements, their effectiveness remains limited. To guide the domain adaptation task more efficiently, previous works attempted to include human interactions in this process under the form of sparse single-pixel annotations in the target data. In this work, we propose a new domain adaptation framework for semantic segmentation with annotated points via active selection. First, we conduct an unsupervised domain adaptation of the model; from this adaptation, we use an entropy-based uncertainty measurement for target points selection. Finally, to minimize the domain gap, we propose a domain adaptation framework utilizing these target points annotated by human annotators. Experimental results on benchmark datasets show the effectiveness of our methods against existing unsupervised domain adaptation approaches. The propose pipeline is generic and can be included as an extra module to existing domain adaptation strategies.      
### 39.Learning Sequential Contexts using Transformer for 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00171.pdf)
>  3D hand pose estimation (HPE) is the process of locating the joints of the hand in 3D from any visual input. HPE has recently received an increased amount of attention due to its key role in a variety of human-computer interaction applications. Recent HPE methods have demonstrated the advantages of employing videos or multi-view images, allowing for more robust HPE systems. Accordingly, in this study, we propose a new method to perform Sequential learning with Transformer for Hand Pose (SeTHPose) estimation. Our SeTHPose pipeline begins by extracting visual embeddings from individual hand images. We then use a transformer encoder to learn the sequential context along time or viewing angles and generate accurate 2D hand joint locations. Then, a graph convolutional neural network with a U-Net configuration is used to convert the 2D hand joint locations to 3D poses. Our experiments show that SeTHPose performs well on both hand sequence varieties, temporal and angular. Also, SeTHPose outperforms other methods in the field to achieve new state-of-the-art results on two public available sequential datasets, STB and MuViHand.      
### 40.PAGER: Progressive Attribute-Guided Extendable Robust Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00162.pdf)
>  This work presents a generative modeling approach based on successive subspace learning (SSL). Unlike most generative models in the literature, our method does not utilize neural networks to analyze the underlying source distribution and synthesize images. The resulting method, called the progressive attribute-guided extendable robust image generative (PAGER) model, has advantages in mathematical transparency, progressive content generation, lower training time, robust performance with fewer training samples, and extendibility to conditional image generation. PAGER consists of three modules: core generator, resolution enhancer, and quality booster. The core generator learns the distribution of low-resolution images and performs unconditional image generation. The resolution enhancer increases image resolution via conditional generation. Finally, the quality booster adds finer details to generated images. Extensive experiments on MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, and CelebA datasets are conducted to demonstrate generative performance of PAGER.      
### 41.Hands-Up: Leveraging Synthetic Data for Hands-On-Wheel Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00148.pdf)
>  Over the past few years there has been major progress in the field of synthetic data generation using simulation based techniques. These methods use high-end graphics engines and physics-based ray-tracing rendering in order to represent the world in 3D and create highly realistic images. Datagen has specialized in the generation of high-quality 3D humans, realistic 3D environments and generation of realistic human motion. This technology has been developed into a data generation platform which we used for these experiments. This work demonstrates the use of synthetic photo-realistic in-cabin data to train a Driver Monitoring System that uses a lightweight neural network to detect whether the driver's hands are on the wheel. We demonstrate that when only a small amount of real data is available, synthetic data can be a simple way to boost performance. Moreover, we adopt the data-centric approach and show how performing error analysis and generating the missing edge-cases in our platform boosts performance. This showcases the ability of human-centric synthetic data to generalize well to the real world, and help train algorithms in computer vision settings where data from the target domain is scarce or hard to collect.      
### 42.Glo-In-One: Holistic Glomerular Detection, Segmentation, and Lesion Characterization with Large-scale Web Image Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00123.pdf)
>  The quantitative detection, segmentation, and characterization of glomeruli from high-resolution whole slide imaging (WSI) play essential roles in the computer-assisted diagnosis and scientific research in digital renal pathology. Historically, such comprehensive quantification requires extensive programming skills in order to be able to handle heterogeneous and customized computational tools. To bridge the gap of performing glomerular quantification for non-technical users, we develop the Glo-In-One toolkit to achieve holistic glomerular detection, segmentation, and characterization via a single line of command. Additionally, we release a large-scale collection of 30,000 unlabeled glomerular images to further facilitate the algorithmic development of self-supervised deep learning. The inputs of the Glo-In-One toolkit are WSIs, while the outputs are (1) WSI-level multi-class circle glomerular detection results (which can be directly manipulated with ImageScope), (2) glomerular image patches with segmentation masks, and (3) different lesion types. To leverage the performance of the Glo-In-One toolkit, we introduce self-supervised deep learning to glomerular quantification via large-scale web image mining. The GGS fine-grained classification model achieved a decent performance compared with baseline supervised methods while only using 10% of the annotated data. The glomerular detection achieved an average precision of 0.627 with circle representations, while the glomerular segmentation achieved a 0.955 patch-wise Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC).      
### 43.VALHALLA: Visual Hallucination for Machine Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00100.pdf)
>  Designing better machine translation systems by considering auxiliary inputs such as images has attracted much attention in recent years. While existing methods show promising performance over the conventional text-only translation systems, they typically require paired text and image as input during inference, which limits their applicability to real-world scenarios. In this paper, we introduce a visual hallucination framework, called VALHALLA, which requires only source sentences at inference time and instead uses hallucinated visual representations for multimodal machine translation. In particular, given a source sentence an autoregressive hallucination transformer is used to predict a discrete visual representation from the input text, and the combined text and hallucinated representations are utilized to obtain the target translation. We train the hallucination transformer jointly with the translation transformer using standard backpropagation with cross-entropy losses while being guided by an additional loss that encourages consistency between predictions using either ground-truth or hallucinated visual representations. Extensive experiments on three standard translation datasets with a diverse set of language pairs demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach over both text-only baselines and state-of-the-art methods. Project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.svcl.ucsd.edu/projects/valhalla" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 44.FHIST: A Benchmark for Few-shot Classification of Histological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00092.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning has recently attracted wide interest in image classification, but almost all the current public benchmarks are focused on natural images. The few-shot paradigm is highly relevant in medical-imaging applications due to the scarcity of labeled data, as annotations are expensive and require specialized expertise. However, in medical imaging, few-shot learning research is sparse, limited to private data sets and is at its early stage. In particular, the few-shot setting is of high interest in histology due to the diversity and fine granularity of cancer related tissue classification tasks, and the variety of data-preparation techniques. This paper introduces a highly diversified public benchmark, gathered from various public datasets, for few-shot histology data classification. We build few-shot tasks and base-training data with various tissue types, different levels of domain shifts stemming from various cancer sites, and different class-granularity levels, thereby reflecting realistic scenarios. We evaluate the performances of state-of-the-art few-shot learning methods on our benchmark, and observe that simple fine-tuning and regularization methods achieve better results than the popular meta-learning and episodic-training paradigm. Furthermore, we introduce three scenarios based on the domain shifts between the source and target histology data: near-domain, middle-domain and out-domain. Our experiments display the potential of few-shot learning in histology classification, with state-of-art few shot learning methods approaching the supervised-learning baselines in the near-domain setting. In our out-domain setting, for 5-way 5-shot, the best performing method reaches 60% accuracy. We believe that our work could help in building realistic evaluations and fair comparisons of few-shot learning methods and will further encourage research in the few-shot paradigm.      
### 45.Comparing feature fusion strategies for Deep Learning-based kidney stone identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00069.pdf)
>  This contribution presents a deep-learning method for extracting and fusing image information acquired from different viewpoints with the aim to produce more discriminant object features. Our approach was specifically designed to mimic the morpho-constitutional analysis used by urologists to visually classify kidney stones by inspecting the sections and surfaces of their fragments. Deep feature fusion strategies improved the results of single view extraction backbone models by more than 10\% in terms of precision of the kidney stones classification.      
### 46.PandA: Unsupervised Learning of Parts and Appearances in the Feature Maps of GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00048.pdf)
>  Recent advances in the understanding of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have led to remarkable progress in visual editing and synthesis tasks, capitalizing on the rich semantics that are embedded in the latent spaces of pre-trained GANs. However, existing methods are often tailored to specific GAN architectures and are limited to either discovering global semantic directions that do not facilitate localized control, or require some form of supervision through manually provided regions or segmentation masks. In this light, we present an architecture-agnostic approach that jointly discovers factors representing spatial parts and their appearances in an entirely unsupervised fashion. These factors are obtained by applying a semi-nonnegative tensor factorization on the feature maps, which in turn enables context-aware local image editing with pixel-level control. In addition, we show that the discovered appearance factors correspond to saliency maps that localize concepts of interest, without using any labels. Experiments on a wide range of GAN architectures and datasets show that, in comparison to the state of the art, our method is far more efficient in terms of training time and, most importantly, provides much more accurate localized control. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/james-oldfield/PandA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Cross-View Language Modeling: Towards Unified Cross-Lingual Cross-Modal Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00621.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce Cross-View Language Modeling, a simple and effective language model pre-training framework that unifies cross-lingual cross-modal pre-training with shared architectures and objectives. Our approach is motivated by a key observation that cross-lingual and cross-modal pre-training share the same goal of aligning two different views of the same object into a common semantic space. To this end, the cross-view language modeling framework considers both multi-modal data (i.e., image-caption pairs) and multi-lingual data (i.e., parallel sentence pairs) as two different views of the same object, and trains the model to align the two views by maximizing the mutual information between them with conditional masked language modeling and contrastive learning. We pre-train CCLM, a Cross-lingual Cross-modal Language Model, with the cross-view language modeling framework. Empirical results on IGLUE, a multi-lingual multi-modal benchmark, and two multi-lingual image-text retrieval datasets show that while conceptually simpler, CCLM significantly outperforms the prior state-of-the-art with an average absolute improvement of over 10%. Notably, CCLM is the first multi-lingual multi-modal model that surpasses the translate-test performance of representative English vision-language models by zero-shot cross-lingual transfer.      
### 48.Higher-Order Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00606.pdf)
>  This paper introduces higher-order attention networks (HOANs), a novel class of attention-based neural networks defined on a generalized higher-order domain called a combinatorial complex (CC). Similar to hypergraphs, CCs admit arbitrary set-like relations between a collection of abstract entities. Simultaneously, CCs permit the construction of hierarchical higher-order relations analogous to those supported by cell complexes. Thus, CCs effectively generalize both hypergraphs and cell complexes and combine their desirable characteristics. By exploiting the rich combinatorial nature of CCs, HOANs define a new class of message-passing attention-based networks that unifies higher-order neural networks. Our evaluation on tasks related to mesh shape analysis and graph learning demonstrates that HOANs attain competitive, and in some examples superior, predictive performance in comparison to state-of-the-art neural networks.      
### 49.The Fully Convolutional Transformer for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00566.pdf)
>  We propose a novel transformer model, capable of segmenting medical images of varying modalities. Challenges posed by the fine grained nature of medical image analysis mean that the adaptation of the transformer for their analysis is still at nascent stages. The overwhelming success of the UNet lay in its ability to appreciate the fine-grained nature of the segmentation task, an ability which existing transformer based models do not currently posses. To address this shortcoming, we propose The Fully Convolutional Transformer (FCT), which builds on the proven ability of Convolutional Neural Networks to learn effective image representations, and combines them with the ability of Transformers to effectively capture long-term dependencies in its inputs. The FCT is the first fully convolutional Transformer model in medical imaging literature. It processes its input in two stages, where first, it learns to extract long range semantic dependencies from the input image, and then learns to capture hierarchical global attributes from the features. FCT is compact, accurate and robust. Our results show that it outperforms all existing transformer architectures by large margins across multiple medical image segmentation datasets of varying data modalities without the need for any pre-training. FCT outperforms its immediate competitor on the ACDC dataset by 1.3%, on the Synapse dataset by 4.4%, on the Spleen dataset by 1.2% and on ISIC 2017 dataset by 1.1% on the dice metric, with up to five times fewer parameters. Our code, environments and models will be available via GitHub.      
### 50.Impact of loss function in Deep Learning methods for accurate retinal vessel segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00536.pdf)
>  The retinal vessel network studied through fundus images contributes to the diagnosis of multiple diseases not only found in the eye. The segmentation of this system may help the specialized task of analyzing these images by assisting in the quantification of morphological characteristics. Due to its relevance, several Deep Learning-based architectures have been tested for tackling this problem automatically. However, the impact of loss function selection on the segmentation of the intricate retinal blood vessel system hasn't been systematically evaluated. In this work, we present the comparison of the loss functions Binary Cross Entropy, Dice, Tversky, and Combo loss using the deep learning architectures (i.e. U-Net, Attention U-Net, and Nested UNet) with the DRIVE dataset. Their performance is assessed using four metrics: the AUC, the mean squared error, the dice score, and the Hausdorff distance. The models were trained with the same number of parameters and epochs. Using dice score and AUC, the best combination was SA-UNet with Combo loss, which had an average of 0.9442 and 0.809 respectively. The best average of Hausdorff distance and mean square error were obtained using the Nested U-Net with the Dice loss function, which had an average of 6.32 and 0.0241 respectively. The results showed that there is a significant difference in the selection of loss function      
### 51.Contrastive Principal Component Learning: Modeling Similarity by Augmentation Overlap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00471.pdf)
>  Traditional self-supervised contrastive learning methods learn embeddings by pulling views of the same sample together and pushing views of different samples away. Since views of a sample are usually generated via data augmentations, the semantic relationship between samples is ignored. Based on the observation that semantically similar samples are more likely to have similar augmentations, we propose to measure similarity via the distribution of augmentations, i.e., how much the augmentations of two samples overlap. To handle the dimensional and computational complexity, we propose a novel Contrastive Principal Component Learning (CPCL) method composed of a contrastive-like loss and an on-the-fly projection loss to efficiently perform PCA on the augmentation feature, which encodes the augmentation distribution. By CPCL, the learned low-dimensional embeddings theoretically preserve the similarity of augmentation distribution between samples. Empirical results show our method can achieve competitive results against various traditional contrastive learning methods on different benchmarks.      
### 52.A robust and lightweight deep attention multiple instance learning algorithm for predicting genetic alterations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00455.pdf)
>  Deep-learning models based on whole-slide digital pathology images (WSIs) become increasingly popular for predicting molecular biomarkers. Instance-based models has been the mainstream strategy for predicting genetic alterations using WSIs although bag-based models along with self-attention mechanism-based algorithms have been proposed for other digital pathology applications. In this paper, we proposed a novel Attention-based Multiple Instance Mutation Learning (AMIML) model for predicting gene mutations. AMIML was comprised of successive 1-D convolutional layers, a decoder, and a residual weight connection to facilitate further integration of a lightweight attention mechanism to detect the most predictive image patches. Using data for 24 clinically relevant genes from four cancer cohorts in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) studies (UCEC, BRCA, GBM and KIRC), we compared AMIML with one popular instance-based model and four recently published bag-based models (e.g., CHOWDER, HE2RNA, etc.). AMIML demonstrated excellent robustness, not only outperforming all the five baseline algorithms in the vast majority of the tested genes (17 out of 24), but also providing near-best-performance for the other seven genes. Conversely, the performance of the baseline published algorithms varied across different cancers/genes. In addition, compared to the published models for genetic alterations, AMIML provided a significant improvement for predicting a wide range of genes (e.g., KMT2C, TP53, and SETD2 for KIRC; ERBB2, BRCA1, and BRCA2 for BRCA; JAK1, POLE, and MTOR for UCEC) as well as produced outstanding predictive models for other clinically relevant gene mutations, which have not been reported in the current literature. Furthermore, with the flexible and interpretable attention-based MIL pooling mechanism, AMIML could further zero-in and detect predictive image patches.      
### 53.Evaluating Gaussian Grasp Maps for Generative Grasping Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00432.pdf)
>  Generalising robotic grasping to previously unseen objects is a key task in general robotic manipulation. The current method for training many antipodal generative grasping models rely on a binary ground truth grasp map generated from the centre thirds of correctly labelled grasp rectangles. However, these binary maps do not accurately reflect the positions in which a robotic arm can correctly grasp a given object. We propose a continuous Gaussian representation of annotated grasps to generate ground truth training data which achieves a higher success rate on a simulated robotic grasping benchmark. Three modern generative grasping networks are trained with either binary or Gaussian grasp maps, along with recent advancements from the robotic grasping literature, such as discretisation of grasp angles into bins and an attentional loss function. Despite negligible difference according to the standard rectangle metric, Gaussian maps better reproduce the training data and therefore improve success rates when tested on the same simulated robot arm by avoiding collisions with the object: achieving 87.94\% accuracy. Furthermore, the best performing model is shown to operate with a high success rate when transferred to a real robotic arm, at high inference speeds, without the need for transfer learning. The system is then shown to be capable of performing grasps on an antagonistic physical object dataset benchmark.      
### 54.Towards Generalisable Audio Representations for Audio-Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00393.pdf)
>  In audio-visual navigation (AVN), an intelligent agent needs to navigate to a constantly sound-making object in complex 3D environments based on its audio and visual perceptions. While existing methods attempt to improve the navigation performance with preciously designed path planning or intricate task settings, none has improved the model generalisation on unheard sounds with task settings unchanged. We thus propose a contrastive learning-based method to tackle this challenge by regularising the audio encoder, where the sound-agnostic goal-driven latent representations can be learnt from various audio signals of different classes. In addition, we consider two data augmentation strategies to enrich the training sounds. We demonstrate that our designs can be easily equipped to existing AVN frameworks to obtain an immediate performance gain (13.4%$\uparrow$ in SPL on Replica and 12.2%$\uparrow$ in SPL on MP3D). Our project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://AV-GeN.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.A comparative study between vision transformers and CNNs in digital pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00389.pdf)
>  Recently, vision transformers were shown to be capable of outperforming convolutional neural networks when pretrained on sufficient amounts of data. In comparison to convolutional neural networks, vision transformers have a weaker inductive bias and therefore allow a more flexible feature detection. Due to their promising feature detection, this work explores vision transformers for tumor detection in digital pathology whole slide images in four tissue types, and for tissue type identification. We compared the patch-wise classification performance of the vision transformer DeiT-Tiny to the state-of-the-art convolutional neural network ResNet18. Due to the sparse availability of annotated whole slide images, we further compared both models pretrained on large amounts of unlabeled whole-slide images using state-of-the-art self-supervised approaches. The results show that the vision transformer performed slightly better than the ResNet18 for three of four tissue types for tumor detection while the ResNet18 performed slightly better for the remaining tasks. The aggregated predictions of both models on slide level were correlated, indicating that the models captured similar imaging features. All together, the vision transformer models performed on par with the ResNet18 while requiring more effort to train. In order to surpass the performance of convolutional neural networks, vision transformers might require more challenging tasks to benefit from their weak inductive bias.      
### 56.Strongly Augmented Contrastive Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00380.pdf)
>  Deep clustering has attracted increasing attention in recent years due to its capability of joint representation learning and clustering via deep neural networks. In its latest developments, the contrastive learning has emerged as an effective technique to substantially enhance the deep clustering performance. However, the existing contrastive learning based deep clustering algorithms mostly focus on some carefully-designed augmentations (often with limited transformations to preserve the structure), referred to as weak augmentations, but cannot go beyond the weak augmentations to explore the more opportunities in stronger augmentations (with more aggressive transformations or even severe distortions). In this paper, we present an end-to-end deep clustering approach termed strongly augmented contrastive clustering (SACC), which extends the conventional two-augmentation-view paradigm to multiple views and jointly leverages strong and weak augmentations for strengthened deep clustering. Particularly, we utilize a backbone network with triply-shared weights, where a strongly augmented view and two weakly augmented views are incorporated. Based on the representations produced by the backbone, the weak-weak view pair and the strong-weak view pairs are simultaneously exploited for the instance-level contrastive learning (via an instance projector) and the cluster-level contrastive learning (via a cluster projector), which, together with the backbone, can be jointly optimized in a purely unsupervised manner. Experimental results on five challenging image datasets have shown the superior performance of the proposed SACC approach over the state-of-the-art.      
### 57.A Survey on Deep Learning for Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00356.pdf)
>  Skin cancer is a major public health problem that could benefit from computer-aided diagnosis to reduce the burden of this common disease. Skin lesion segmentation from images is an important step toward achieving this goal. However, the presence of natural and artificial artifacts (e.g., hair and air bubbles), intrinsic factors (e.g., lesion shape and contrast), and variations in image acquisition conditions make skin lesion segmentation a challenging task. Recently, various researchers have explored the applicability of deep learning models to skin lesion segmentation. In this survey, we cross-examine 134 research papers that deal with deep learning based segmentation of skin lesions. We analyze these works along several dimensions, including input data (datasets, preprocessing, and synthetic data generation), model design (architecture, modules, and losses), and evaluation aspects (data annotation requirements and segmentation performance). We discuss these dimensions both from the viewpoint of select seminal works, and from a systematic viewpoint, examining how those choices have influenced current trends, and how their limitations should be addressed. We summarize all examined works in a comprehensive table to facilitate comparisons.      
### 58.CellCentroidFormer: Combining Self-attention and Convolution for Cell Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00338.pdf)
>  Cell detection in microscopy images is important to study how cells move and interact with their environment. Most recent deep learning-based methods for cell detection use convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, inspired by the success in other computer vision applications, vision transformers (ViTs) are also used for this purpose. We propose a novel hybrid CNN-ViT model for cell detection in microscopy images to exploit the advantages of both types of deep learning models. We employ an efficient CNN, that was pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset, to extract image features and utilize transfer learning to reduce the amount of required training data. Extracted image features are further processed by a combination of convolutional and transformer layers, so that the convolutional layers can focus on local information and the transformer layers on global information. Our centroid-based cell detection method represents cells as ellipses and is end-to-end trainable. Furthermore, we show that our proposed model can outperform a fully convolutional baseline model on four different 2D microscopy datasets. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/roydenwa/cell-centroid-former" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 59.Supervised Denoising of Diffusion-Weighted Magnetic Resonance Images Using a Convolutional Neural Network and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00305.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method for denoising diffusion-weighted images (DWI) of the brain using a convolutional neural network trained on realistic, synthetic MR data. We compare our results to averaging of repeated scans, a widespread method used in clinics to improve signal-to-noise ratio of MR images. To obtain training data for transfer learning, we model, in a data-driven fashion, the effects of echo-planar imaging (EPI): Nyquist ghosting and ramp sampling. We introduce these effects to the digital phantom of brain anatomy (BrainWeb). Instead of simulating pseudo-random noise with a defined probability distribution, we perform noise scans with a brain-DWI-designed protocol to obtain realistic noise maps. We combine them with the simulated, noise-free EPI images. We also measure the Point Spread Function in a DW image of an AJR-approved geometrical phantom and inter-scan movement in a brain scan of a healthy volunteer. Their influence on image denoising and averaging of repeated images is investigated at different signal-to-noise ratio levels. Denoising performance is evaluated quantitatively using the simulated EPI images and qualitatively in real EPI DWI of the brain. We show that the application of our method allows for a significant reduction in scan time by lowering the number of repeated scans. Visual comparisons made in the acquired brain images indicate that the denoised single-repetition images are less noisy than multi-repetition averaged images. We also analyse the convolutional neural network denoiser and point out the challenges accompanying this denoising method.      
### 60.PaGO-LOAM: Robust Ground-Optimized LiDAR Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00266.pdf)
>  Numerous researchers have conducted studies to achieve fast and robust ground-optimized LiDAR odometry methods for terrestrial mobile platforms. In particular, ground-optimized LiDAR odometry usually employs ground segmentation as a preprocessing method. This is because most of the points in a 3D point cloud captured by a 3D LiDAR sensor on a terrestrial platform are from the ground. However, the effect of the performance of ground segmentation on LiDAR odometry is still not closely examined. In this paper, a robust ground-optimized LiDAR odometry framework is proposed to facilitate the study to check the effect of ground segmentation on LiDAR SLAM based on the state-of-the-art (SOTA) method. By using our proposed odometry framework, it is easy and straightforward to test whether ground segmentation algorithms help extract well-described features and thus improve SLAM performance. In addition, by leveraging the SOTA ground segmentation method called Patchwork, which shows robust ground segmentation even in complex and uneven urban environments with little performance perturbation, a novel ground-optimized LiDAR odometry is proposed, called PaGO-LOAM. The methods were tested using the KITTI odometry dataset. \textit{PaGO-LOAM} shows robust and accurate performance compared with the baseline method. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/url-kaist/AlterGround-LeGO-LOAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Discovering the Hidden Vocabulary of DALLE-2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00169.pdf)
>  We discover that DALLE-2 seems to have a hidden vocabulary that can be used to generate images with absurd prompts. For example, it seems that \texttt{Apoploe vesrreaitais} means birds and \texttt{Contarra ccetnxniams luryca tanniounons} (sometimes) means bugs or pests. We find that these prompts are often consistent in isolation but also sometimes in combinations. We present our black-box method to discover words that seem random but have some correspondence to visual concepts. This creates important security and interpretability challenges.      
### 62.Deep learning pipeline for image classification on mobile phones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00105.pdf)
>  This article proposes and documents a machine-learning framework and tutorial for classifying images using mobile phones. Compared to computers, the performance of deep learning model performance degrades when deployed on a mobile phone and requires a systematic approach to find a model that performs optimally on both computers and mobile phones. By following the proposed pipeline, which consists of various computational tools, simple procedural recipes, and technical considerations, one can bring the power of deep learning medical image classification to mobile devices, potentially unlocking new domains of applications. The pipeline is demonstrated on four different publicly available datasets: COVID X-rays, COVID CT scans, leaves, and colorectal cancer. We used two application development frameworks: TensorFlow Lite (real-time testing) and Flutter (digital image testing) to test the proposed pipeline. We found that transferring deep learning models to a mobile phone is limited by hardware and classification accuracy drops. To address this issue, we proposed this pipeline to find an optimized model for mobile phones. Finally, we discuss additional applications and computational concerns related to deploying deep-learning models on phones, including real-time analysis and image preprocessing. We believe the associated documentation and code can help physicians and medical experts develop medical image classification applications for distribution.      
### 63.Characterization of 3D Printers and X-Ray Computerized Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00041.pdf)
>  The 3D printing process flow requires several inputs for the best printing quality. These settings may vary from sample to sample, printer to printer, and depend upon users' previous experience. The involved operational parameters for 3D Printing are varied to test the optimality. Thirty-eight samples are printed using four commercially available 3D printers, namely: (a) Ultimaker 2 Extended+, (b) Delta Wasp, (c) Raise E2, and (d) ProJet MJP. The sample profiles contain uniform and non-uniform distribution of the assorted size of cubes and spheres with a known amount of porosity. These samples are scanned using X-Ray Computed Tomography system. Functional Imaging analysis is performed using AI-based segmentation codes to (a) characterize these 3D printers and (b) find Three-dimensional surface roughness of three teeth and one sandstone pebble (from riverbed) with naturally deposited layers is also compared with printed sample values. Teeth has best quality. It is found that ProJet MJP gives the best quality of printed samples with the least amount of surface roughness and almost near to the actual porosity value. As expected, 100% infill density value, best spatial resolution for printing or Layer height, and minimum nozzle speed give the best quality of 3D printing.      
### 64.Calibrated Bagging Deep Learning for Image Semantic Segmentation: A Case Study on COVID-19 Chest X-ray Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.00002.pdf)
>  Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) causes coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Imaging tests such as chest X-ray (CXR) and computed tomography (CT) can provide useful information to clinical staff for facilitating a diagnosis of COVID-19 in a more efficient and comprehensive manner. As a breakthrough of artificial intelligence (AI), deep learning has been applied to perform COVID-19 infection region segmentation and disease classification by analyzing CXR and CT data. However, prediction uncertainty of deep learning models for these tasks, which is very important to safety-critical applications like medical image processing, has not been comprehensively investigated. In this work, we propose a novel ensemble deep learning model through integrating bagging deep learning and model calibration to not only enhance segmentation performance, but also reduce prediction uncertainty. The proposed method has been validated on a large dataset that is associated with CXR image segmentation. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can improve the segmentation performance, as well as decrease prediction uncertainties.      
