# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 10 Jun 2022
### 1.Uni-Perceiver-MoE: Learning Sparse Generalist Models with Conditional MoEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04674.pdf)
>  To build an artificial neural network like the biological intelligence system, recent works have unified numerous tasks into a generalist model, which can process various tasks with shared parameters and do not have any task-specific modules. While generalist models achieve promising results on various benchmarks, they have performance degradation on some tasks compared with task-specialized models. In this work, we find that interference among different tasks and modalities is the main factor to this phenomenon. To mitigate such interference, we introduce the Conditional Mixture-of-Experts (Conditional MoEs) to generalist models. Routing strategies under different levels of conditions are proposed to take both the training/inference cost and generalization ability into account. By incorporating the proposed Conditional MoEs, the recently proposed generalist model Uni-Perceiver can effectively mitigate the interference across tasks and modalities, and achieves state-of-the-art results on a series of downstream tasks via prompt tuning on 1% of downstream data. Moreover, the introduction of Conditional MoEs still holds the generalization ability of generalist models to conduct zero-shot inference on new tasks, e.g., video-text retrieval and video caption. Code and pre-trained generalist models shall be released.      
### 2.Neural Prompt Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04673.pdf)
>  The size of vision models has grown exponentially over the last few years, especially after the emergence of Vision Transformer. This has motivated the development of parameter-efficient tuning methods, such as learning adapter layers or visual prompt tokens, which allow a tiny portion of model parameters to be trained whereas the vast majority obtained from pre-training are frozen. However, designing a proper tuning method is non-trivial: one might need to try out a lengthy list of design choices, not to mention that each downstream dataset often requires custom designs. In this paper, we view the existing parameter-efficient tuning methods as "prompt modules" and propose Neural prOmpt seArcH (NOAH), a novel approach that learns, for large vision models, the optimal design of prompt modules through a neural architecture search algorithm, specifically for each downstream dataset. By conducting extensive experiments on over 20 vision datasets, we demonstrate that NOAH (i) is superior to individual prompt modules, (ii) has a good few-shot learning ability, and (iii) is domain-generalizable. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Davidzhangyuanhan/NOAH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Open Challenges in Deep Stereo: the Booster Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04671.pdf)
>  We present a novel high-resolution and challenging stereo dataset framing indoor scenes annotated with dense and accurate ground-truth disparities. Peculiar to our dataset is the presence of several specular and transparent surfaces, i.e. the main causes of failures for state-of-the-art stereo networks. Our acquisition pipeline leverages a novel deep space-time stereo framework which allows for easy and accurate labeling with sub-pixel precision. We release a total of 419 samples collected in 64 different scenes and annotated with dense ground-truth disparities. Each sample include a high-resolution pair (12 Mpx) as well as an unbalanced pair (Left: 12 Mpx, Right: 1.1 Mpx). Additionally, we provide manually annotated material segmentation masks and 15K unlabeled samples. We evaluate state-of-the-art deep networks based on our dataset, highlighting their limitations in addressing the open challenges in stereo and drawing hints for future research.      
### 4.PointNeXt: Revisiting PointNet++ with Improved Training and Scaling Strategies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04670.pdf)
>  PointNet++ is one of the most influential neural architectures for point cloud understanding. Although the accuracy of PointNet++ has been largely surpassed by recent networks such as PointMLP and Point Transformer, we find that a large portion of the performance gain is due to improved training strategies, i.e. data augmentation and optimization techniques, and increased model sizes rather than architectural innovations. Thus, the full potential of PointNet++ has yet to be explored. In this work, we revisit the classical PointNet++ through a systematic study of model training and scaling strategies, and offer two major contributions. First, we propose a set of improved training strategies that significantly improve PointNet++ performance. For example, we show that, without any change in architecture, the overall accuracy (OA) of PointNet++ on ScanObjectNN object classification can be raised from 77.9\% to 86.1\%, even outperforming state-of-the-art PointMLP. Second, we introduce an inverted residual bottleneck design and separable MLPs into PointNet++ to enable efficient and effective model scaling and propose PointNeXt, the next version of PointNets. PointNeXt can be flexibly scaled up and outperforms state-of-the-art methods on both 3D classification and segmentation tasks. For classification, PointNeXt reaches an overall accuracy of $87.7\%$ on ScanObjectNN, surpassing PointMLP by $2.3\%$, while being $10 \times$ faster in inference. For semantic segmentation, PointNeXt establishes a new state-of-the-art performance with $74.9\%$ mean IoU on S3DIS (6-fold cross-validation), being superior to the recent Point Transformer. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guochengqian/pointnext" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Beyond RGB: Scene-Property Synthesis with Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04669.pdf)
>  Comprehensive 3D scene understanding, both geometrically and semantically, is important for real-world applications such as robot perception. Most of the existing work has focused on developing data-driven discriminative models for scene understanding. This paper provides a new approach to scene understanding, from a synthesis model perspective, by leveraging the recent progress on implicit 3D representation and neural rendering. Building upon the great success of Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs), we introduce Scene-Property Synthesis with NeRF (SS-NeRF) that is able to not only render photo-realistic RGB images from novel viewpoints, but also render various accurate scene properties (e.g., appearance, geometry, and semantics). By doing so, we facilitate addressing a variety of scene understanding tasks under a unified framework, including semantic segmentation, surface normal estimation, reshading, keypoint detection, and edge detection. Our SS-NeRF framework can be a powerful tool for bridging generative learning and discriminative learning, and thus be beneficial to the investigation of a wide range of interesting problems, such as studying task relationships within a synthesis paradigm, transferring knowledge to novel tasks, facilitating downstream discriminative tasks as ways of data augmentation, and serving as auto-labeller for data creation.      
### 6.GateHUB: Gated History Unit with Background Suppression for Online Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04668.pdf)
>  Online action detection is the task of predicting the action as soon as it happens in a streaming video. A major challenge is that the model does not have access to the future and has to solely rely on the history, i.e., the frames observed so far, to make predictions. It is therefore important to accentuate parts of the history that are more informative to the prediction of the current frame. We present GateHUB, Gated History Unit with Background Suppression, that comprises a novel position-guided gated cross-attention mechanism to enhance or suppress parts of the history as per how informative they are for current frame prediction. GateHUB further proposes Future-augmented History (FaH) to make history features more informative by using subsequently observed frames when available. In a single unified framework, GateHUB integrates the transformer's ability of long-range temporal modeling and the recurrent model's capacity to selectively encode relevant information. GateHUB also introduces a background suppression objective to further mitigate false positive background frames that closely resemble the action frames. Extensive validation on three benchmark datasets, THUMOS, TVSeries, and HDD, demonstrates that GateHUB significantly outperforms all existing methods and is also more efficient than the existing best work. Furthermore, a flow-free version of GateHUB is able to achieve higher or close accuracy at 2.8x higher frame rate compared to all existing methods that require both RGB and optical flow information for prediction.      
### 7.Extreme Masking for Learning Instance and Distributed Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04667.pdf)
>  The paper presents a scalable approach for learning distributed representations over individual tokens and a holistic instance representation simultaneously. We use self-attention blocks to represent distributed tokens, followed by cross-attention blocks to aggregate the holistic instance. The core of the approach is the use of extremely large token masking (75%-90%) as the data augmentation for supervision. Our model, named ExtreMA, follows the plain BYOL approach where the instance representation from the unmasked subset is trained to predict that from the intact input. Learning requires the model to capture informative variations in an instance, instead of encouraging invariances. The paper makes three contributions: 1) Random masking is a strong and computationally efficient data augmentation for learning generalizable attention representations. 2) With multiple sampling per instance, extreme masking greatly speeds up learning and hungers for more data. 3) Distributed representations can be learned from the instance supervision alone, unlike per-token supervisions in masked modeling.      
### 8.AGConv: Adaptive Graph Convolution on 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04665.pdf)
>  Convolution on 3D point clouds is widely researched yet far from perfect in geometric deep learning. The traditional wisdom of convolution characterises feature correspondences indistinguishably among 3D points, arising an intrinsic limitation of poor distinctive feature learning. In this paper, we propose Adaptive Graph Convolution (AGConv) for wide applications of point cloud analysis. AGConv generates adaptive kernels for points according to their dynamically learned features. Compared with the solution of using fixed/isotropic kernels, AGConv improves the flexibility of point cloud convolutions, effectively and precisely capturing the diverse relations between points from different semantic parts. Unlike the popular attentional weight schemes, AGConv implements the adaptiveness inside the convolution operation instead of simply assigning different weights to the neighboring points. Extensive evaluations clearly show that our method outperforms state-of-the-arts of point cloud classification and segmentation on various benchmark datasets.Meanwhile, AGConv can flexibly serve more point cloud analysis approaches to boost their performance. To validate its flexibility and effectiveness, we explore AGConv-based paradigms of completion, denoising, upsampling, registration and circle extraction, which are comparable or even superior to their competitors. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hrzhou2/AdaptConv-master" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.On Data Scaling in Masked Image Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04664.pdf)
>  An important goal of self-supervised learning is to enable model pre-training to benefit from almost unlimited data. However, one method that has recently become popular, namely masked image modeling (MIM), is suspected to be unable to benefit from larger data. In this work, we break this misconception through extensive experiments, with data scales ranging from 10\% of ImageNet-1K to full ImageNet-22K, model sizes ranging from 49 million to 1 billion, and training lengths ranging from 125K iterations to 500K iterations. Our study reveals that: (i) Masked image modeling is also demanding on larger data. We observed that very large models got over-fitted with relatively small data; (ii) The length of training matters. Large models trained with masked image modeling can benefit from more data with longer training; (iii) The validation loss in pre-training is a good indicator to measure how well the model performs for fine-tuning on multiple tasks. This observation allows us to pre-evaluate pre-trained models in advance without having to make costly trial-and-error assessments of downstream tasks. We hope that our findings will advance the understanding of masked image modeling in terms of scaling ability.      
### 10.DiSparse: Disentangled Sparsification for Multitask Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04662.pdf)
>  Despite the popularity of Model Compression and Multitask Learning, how to effectively compress a multitask model has been less thoroughly analyzed due to the challenging entanglement of tasks in the parameter space. In this paper, we propose DiSparse, a simple, effective, and first-of-its-kind multitask pruning and sparse training scheme. We consider each task independently by disentangling the importance measurement and take the unanimous decisions among all tasks when performing parameter pruning and selection. Our experimental results demonstrate superior performance on various configurations and settings compared to popular sparse training and pruning methods. Besides the effectiveness in compression, DiSparse also provides a powerful tool to the multitask learning community. Surprisingly, we even observed better performance than some dedicated multitask learning methods in several cases despite the high model sparsity enforced by DiSparse. We analyzed the pruning masks generated with DiSparse and observed strikingly similar sparse network architecture identified by each task even before the training starts. We also observe the existence of a "watershed" layer where the task relatedness sharply drops, implying no benefits in continued parameters sharing. Our code and models will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SHI-Labs/DiSparse-Multitask-Model-Compression" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Simple Cues Lead to a Strong Multi-Object Tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04656.pdf)
>  For a long time, the most common paradigm in Multi-Object Tracking was tracking-by-detection (TbD), where objects are first detected and then associated over video frames. For association, most models resource to motion and appearance cues. While still relying on these cues, recent approaches based on, e.g., attention have shown an ever-increasing need for training data and overall complex frameworks. We claim that 1) strong cues can be obtained from little amounts of training data if some key design choices are applied, 2) given these strong cues, standard Hungarian matching-based association is enough to obtain impressive results. Our main insight is to identify key components that allow a standard reidentification network to excel at appearance-based tracking. We extensively analyze its failure cases and show that a combination of our appearance features with a simple motion model leads to strong tracking results. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on MOT17 and MOT20 datasets outperforming previous state-of-the-art trackers by up to 5.4pp in IDF1 and 4.4pp in HOTA. We will release the code and models after the paper's acceptance.      
### 12.Towards Layer-wise Image Vectorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04655.pdf)
>  Image rasterization is a mature technique in computer graphics, while image vectorization, the reverse path of rasterization, remains a major challenge. Recent advanced deep learning-based models achieve vectorization and semantic interpolation of vector graphs and demonstrate a better topology of generating new figures. However, deep models cannot be easily generalized to out-of-domain testing data. The generated SVGs also contain complex and redundant shapes that are not quite convenient for further editing. Specifically, the crucial layer-wise topology and fundamental semantics in images are still not well understood and thus not fully explored. In this work, we propose Layer-wise Image Vectorization, namely LIVE, to convert raster images to SVGs and simultaneously maintain its image topology. LIVE can generate compact SVG forms with layer-wise structures that are semantically consistent with human perspective. We progressively add new bezier paths and optimize these paths with the layer-wise framework, newly designed loss functions, and component-wise path initialization technique. Our experiments demonstrate that LIVE presents more plausible vectorized forms than prior works and can be generalized to new images. With the help of this newly learned topology, LIVE initiates human editable SVGs for both designers and other downstream applications. Codes are made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Picsart-AI-Research/LIVE-Layerwise-Image-Vectorization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Spatial Entropy Regularization for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04636.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that the attention maps of Vision Transformers (VTs), when trained with self-supervision, can contain a semantic segmentation structure which does not spontaneously emerge when training is supervised. In this paper, we explicitly encourage the emergence of this spatial clustering as a form of training regularization, this way including a self-supervised pretext task into the standard supervised learning. In more detail, we propose a VT regularization method based on a spatial formulation of the information entropy. By minimizing the proposed spatial entropy, we explicitly ask the VT to produce spatially ordered attention maps, this way including an object-based prior during training. Using extensive experiments, we show that the proposed regularization approach is beneficial with different training scenarios, datasets, downstream tasks and VT architectures. The code will be available upon acceptance.      
### 14.GASP: Gated Attention For Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04590.pdf)
>  Saliency prediction refers to the computational task of modeling overt attention. Social cues greatly influence our attention, consequently altering our eye movements and behavior. To emphasize the efficacy of such features, we present a neural model for integrating social cues and weighting their influences. Our model consists of two stages. During the first stage, we detect two social cues by following gaze, estimating gaze direction, and recognizing affect. These features are then transformed into spatiotemporal maps through image processing operations. The transformed representations are propagated to the second stage (GASP) where we explore various techniques of late fusion for integrating social cues and introduce two sub-networks for directing attention to relevant stimuli. Our experiments indicate that fusion approaches achieve better results for static integration methods, whereas non-fusion approaches for which the influence of each modality is unknown, result in better outcomes when coupled with recurrent models for dynamic saliency prediction. We show that gaze direction and affective representations contribute a prediction to ground-truth correspondence improvement of at least 5% compared to dynamic saliency models without social cues. Furthermore, affective representations improve GASP, supporting the necessity of considering affect-biased attention in predicting saliency.      
### 15.Efficient and Robust 2D-to-BEV Representation Learning via Geometry-guided Kernel Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04584.pdf)
>  Learning Bird's Eye View (BEV) representation from surrounding-view cameras is of great importance for autonomous driving. In this work, we propose a Geometry-guided Kernel Transformer (GKT), a novel 2D-to-BEV representation learning mechanism. GKT leverages the geometric priors to guide the transformer to focus on discriminative regions and unfolds kernel features to generate BEV representation. For fast inference, we further introduce a look-up table (LUT) indexing method to get rid of the camera's calibrated parameters at runtime. GKT can run at $72.3$ FPS on 3090 GPU / $45.6$ FPS on 2080ti GPU and is robust to the camera deviation and the predefined BEV height. And GKT achieves the state-of-the-art real-time segmentation results, i.e., 38.0 mIoU (100m$\times$100m perception range at a 0.5m resolution) on the nuScenes val set. Given the efficiency, effectiveness, and robustness, GKT has great practical values in autopilot scenarios, especially for real-time running systems. Code and models will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/GKT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 16.Transformer based Urdu Handwritten Text Optical Character Reader  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04575.pdf)
>  Extracting Handwritten text is one of the most important components of digitizing information and making it available for large scale setting. Handwriting Optical Character Reader (OCR) is a research problem in computer vision and natural language processing computing, and a lot of work has been done for English, but unfortunately, very little work has been done for low resourced languages such as Urdu. Urdu language script is very difficult because of its cursive nature and change of shape of characters based on it's relative position, therefore, a need arises to propose a model which can understand complex features and generalize it for every kind of handwriting style. In this work, we propose a transformer based Urdu Handwritten text extraction model. As transformers have been very successful in Natural Language Understanding task, we explore them further to understand complex Urdu Handwriting.      
### 17.BFS-Net: Weakly Supervised Cell Instance Segmentation from Bright-Field Microscopy Z-Stacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04558.pdf)
>  Despite its broad availability, volumetric information acquisition from Bright-Field Microscopy (BFM) is inherently difficult due to the projective nature of the acquisition process. We investigate the prediction of 3D cell instances from a set of BFM Z-Stack images. We propose a novel two-stage weakly supervised method for volumetric instance segmentation of cells which only requires approximate cell centroids annotation. Created pseudo-labels are thereby refined with a novel refinement loss with Z-stack guidance. The evaluations show that our approach can generalize not only to BFM Z-Stack data, but to other 3D cell imaging modalities. A comparison of our pipeline against fully supervised methods indicates that the significant gain in reduced data collection and labelling results in minor performance difference.      
### 18.SparseFormer: Attention-based Depth Completion Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04557.pdf)
>  Most pipelines for Augmented and Virtual Reality estimate the ego-motion of the camera by creating a map of sparse 3D landmarks. In this paper, we tackle the problem of depth completion, that is, densifying this sparse 3D map using RGB images as guidance. This remains a challenging problem due to the low density, non-uniform and outlier-prone 3D landmarks produced by SfM and SLAM pipelines. We introduce a transformer block, SparseFormer, that fuses 3D landmarks with deep visual features to produce dense depth. The SparseFormer has a global receptive field, making the module especially effective for depth completion with low-density and non-uniform landmarks. To address the issue of depth outliers among the 3D landmarks, we introduce a trainable refinement module that filters outliers through attention between the sparse landmarks.      
### 19.ECLAD: Extracting Concepts with Local Aggregated Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04531.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are being increasingly used in critical systems, where ensuring their robustness and alignment is crucial. In this context, the field of explainable artificial intelligence has proposed the generation of high-level explanations through concept extraction. These methods detect whether a concept is present in an image, but are incapable of locating where. What is more, a fair comparison of approaches is difficult, as proper validation procedures are missing. To fill these gaps, we propose a novel method for automatic concept extraction and localization based on representations obtained through the pixel-wise aggregations of activation maps of CNNs. Further, we introduce a process for the validation of concept-extraction techniques based on synthetic datasets with pixel-wise annotations of their main components, reducing human intervention. Through extensive experimentation on both synthetic and real-world datasets, our method achieves better performance in comparison to state-of-the-art alternatives.      
### 20.Efficient Human Pose Estimation via 3D Event Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04511.pdf)
>  Human Pose Estimation (HPE) based on RGB images has experienced a rapid development benefiting from deep learning. However, event-based HPE has not been fully studied, which remains great potential for applications in extreme scenes and efficiency-critical conditions. In this paper, we are the first to estimate 2D human pose directly from 3D event point cloud. We propose a novel representation of events, the rasterized event point cloud, aggregating events on the same position of a small time slice. It maintains the 3D features from multiple statistical cues and significantly reduces memory consumption and computation complexity, proved to be efficient in our work. We then leverage the rasterized event point cloud as input to three different backbones, PointNet, DGCNN, and Point Transformer, with two linear layer decoders to predict the location of human keypoints. We find that based on our method, PointNet achieves promising results with much faster speed, whereas Point Transfomer reaches much higher accuracy, even close to previous event-frame-based methods. A comprehensive set of results demonstrates that our proposed method is consistently effective for these 3D backbone models in event-driven human pose estimation. Our method based on PointNet with 2048 points input achieves 82.46mm in MPJPE3D on the DHP19 dataset, while only has a latency of 12.29ms on an NVIDIA Jetson Xavier NX edge computing platform, which is ideally suitable for real-time detection with event cameras. Code will be made publicly at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MasterHow/EventPointPose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.cycle text2face: cycle text-to-face gan via transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04503.pdf)
>  Text-to-face is a subset of text-to-image that require more complex architecture due to their more detailed production. In this paper, we present an encoder-decoder model called Cycle Text2Face. Cycle Text2Face is a new initiative in the encoder part, it uses a sentence transformer and GAN to generate the image described by the text. The Cycle is completed by reproducing the text of the face in the decoder part of the model. Evaluating the model using the CelebA dataset, leads to better results than previous GAN-based models. In measuring the quality of the generate face, in addition to satisfying the human audience, we obtain an FID score of 3.458. This model, with high-speed processing, provides quality face images in the short time.      
### 22.BSM loss: A superior way in modeling aleatory uncertainty of fine_grained classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04479.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence(AI)-assisted method had received much attention in the risk field such as disease diagnosis. Different from the classification of disease types, it is a fine-grained task to classify the medical images as benign or malignant. However, most research only focuses on improving the diagnostic accuracy and ignores the evaluation of model reliability, which limits its clinical application. For clinical practice, calibration presents major challenges in the low-data regime extremely for over-parametrized models and inherent noises. In particular, we discovered that modeling data-dependent uncertainty is more conducive to confidence calibrations. Compared with test-time augmentation(TTA), we proposed a modified Bootstrapping loss(BS loss) function with Mixup data augmentation strategy that can better calibrate predictive uncertainty and capture data distribution transformation without additional inference time. Our experiments indicated that BS loss with Mixup(BSM) model can halve the Expected Calibration Error(ECE) compared to standard data augmentation, deep ensemble and MC dropout. The correlation between uncertainty and similarity of in-domain data is up to -0.4428 under the BSM model. Additionally, the BSM model is able to perceive the semantic distance of out-of-domain data, demonstrating high potential in real-world clinical practice.      
### 23.The Missing Link: Finding label relations across datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04453.pdf)
>  Computer Vision is driven by the many datasets which can be used for training or evaluating novel methods. However, each dataset has different set of class labels, visual definition of classes, images following a specific distribution, annotation protocols, etc. In this paper we explore the automatic discovery of visual-semantic relations between labels across datasets. We want to understand how the instances of a certain class in a dataset relate to the instances of another class in another dataset. Are they in an identity, parent/child, overlap relation? Or is there no link between them at all? To find relations between labels across datasets, we propose methods based on language, on vision, and on a combination of both. Our methods can effectively discover label relations across datasets and the type of the relations. We use these results for a deeper inspection on why instances relate, find missing aspects of a class, and use our relations to create finer-grained annotations. We conclude that label relations cannot be established by looking at the names of classes alone, as they depend strongly on how each of the datasets was constructed.      
### 24.Draft-and-Revise: Effective Image Generation with Contextual RQ-Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04452.pdf)
>  Although autoregressive models have achieved promising results on image generation, their unidirectional generation process prevents the resultant images from fully reflecting global contexts. To address the issue, we propose an effective image generation framework of Draft-and-Revise with Contextual RQ-transformer to consider global contexts during the generation process. As a generalized VQ-VAE, RQ-VAE first represents a high-resolution image as a sequence of discrete code stacks. After code stacks in the sequence are randomly masked, Contextual RQ-Transformer is trained to infill the masked code stacks based on the unmasked contexts of the image. Then, Contextual RQ-Transformer uses our two-phase decoding, Draft-and-Revise, and generates an image, while exploiting the global contexts of the image during the generation process. Specifically. in the draft phase, our model first focuses on generating diverse images despite rather low quality. Then, in the revise phase, the model iteratively improves the quality of images, while preserving the global contexts of generated images. In experiments, our method achieves state-of-the-art results on conditional image generation. We also validate that the Draft-and-Revise decoding can achieve high performance by effectively controlling the quality-diversity trade-off in image generation.      
### 25.Segmentation Enhanced Lameness Detection in Dairy Cows from RGB and Depth Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04449.pdf)
>  Cow lameness is a severe condition that affects the life cycle and life quality of dairy cows and results in considerable economic losses. Early lameness detection helps farmers address illnesses early and avoid negative effects caused by the degeneration of cows' condition. We collected a dataset of short clips of cows passing through a hallway exiting a milking station and annotated the degree of lameness of the cows. This paper explores the resulting dataset and provides a detailed description of the data collection process. Additionally, we proposed a lameness detection method that leverages pre-trained neural networks to extract discriminative features from videos and assign a binary score to each cow indicating its condition: "healthy" or "lame." We improve this approach by forcing the model to focus on the structure of the cow, which we achieve by substituting the RGB videos with binary segmentation masks predicted with a trained segmentation model. This work aims to encourage research and provide insights into the applicability of computer vision models for cow lameness detection on farms.      
### 26.Multiple Instance Learning for Digital Pathology: A Review on the State-of-the-Art, Limitations &amp; Future Potential  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04425.pdf)
>  Digital whole slides images contain an enormous amount of information providing a strong motivation for the development of automated image analysis tools. Particularly deep neural networks show high potential with respect to various tasks in the field of digital pathology. However, a limitation is given by the fact that typical deep learning algorithms require (manual) annotations in addition to the large amounts of image data, to enable effective training. Multiple instance learning exhibits a powerful tool for learning deep neural networks in a scenario without fully annotated data. These methods are particularly effective in this domain, due to the fact that labels for a complete whole slide image are often captured routinely, whereas labels for patches, regions or pixels are not. This potential already resulted in a considerable number of publications, with the majority published in the last three years. Besides the availability of data and a high motivation from the medical perspective, the availability of powerful graphics processing units exhibits an accelerator in this field. In this paper, we provide an overview of widely and effectively used concepts of used deep multiple instance learning approaches, recent advances and also critically discuss remaining challenges and future potential.      
### 27.Unsupervised Learning of the Total Variation Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04406.pdf)
>  The total variation (TV) flow generates a scale-space representation of an image based on the TV functional. This gradient flow observes desirable features for images such as sharp edges and enables spectral, scale, and texture analysis. The standard numerical approach for TV flow requires solving multiple non-smooth optimisation problems. Even with state-of-the-art convex optimisation techniques, this is often prohibitively expensive and strongly motivates the use of alternative, faster approaches. Inspired by and extending the framework of physics-informed neural networks (PINNs), we propose the TVflowNET, a neural network approach to compute the solution of the TV flow given an initial image and a time instance. We significantly speed up the computation time by more than one order of magnitude and show that the TVflowNET approximates the TV flow solution with high fidelity. This is a preliminary report, more details are to follow.      
### 28.VITA: Video Instance Segmentation via Object Token Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04403.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel paradigm for offline Video Instance Segmentation (VIS), based on the hypothesis that explicit object-oriented information can be a strong clue for understanding the context of the entire sequence. To this end, we propose VITA, a simple structure built on top of an off-the-shelf Transformer-based image instance segmentation model. Specifically, we use an image object detector as a means of distilling object-specific contexts into object tokens. VITA accomplishes video-level understanding by associating frame-level object tokens without using spatio-temporal backbone features. By effectively building relationships between objects using the condensed information, VITA achieves the state-of-the-art on VIS benchmarks with a ResNet-50 backbone: 49.8 AP, 45.7 AP on YouTube-VIS 2019 &amp; 2021 and 19.6 AP on OVIS. Moreover, thanks to its object token-based structure that is disjoint from the backbone features, VITA shows several practical advantages that previous offline VIS methods have not explored - handling long and high-resolution videos with a common GPU and freezing a frame-level detector trained on image domain. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sukjunhwang/VITA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Cross-modal Local Shortest Path and Global Enhancement for Visible-Thermal Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04401.pdf)
>  In addition to considering the recognition difficulty caused by human posture and occlusion, it is also necessary to solve the modal differences caused by different imaging systems in the Visible-Thermal cross-modal person re-identification (VT-ReID) task. In this paper,we propose the Cross-modal Local Shortest Path and Global Enhancement (CM-LSP-GE) modules,a two-stream network based on joint learning of local and global features. The core idea of our paper is to use local feature alignment to solve occlusion problem, and to solve modal difference by strengthening global feature. Firstly, Attention-based two-stream ResNet network is designed to extract dual-modality features and map to a unified feature space. Then, to solve the cross-modal person pose and occlusion problems, the image are cut horizontally into several equal parts to obtain local features and the shortest path in local features between two graphs is used to achieve the fine-grained local feature alignment. Thirdly, a batch normalization enhancement module applies global features to enhance strategy, resulting in difference enhancement between different classes. The multi granularity loss fusion strategy further improves the performance of the algorithm. Finally, joint learning mechanism of local and global features is used to improve cross-modal person re-identification accuracy. The experimental results on two typical datasets show that our model is obviously superior to the most state-of-the-art methods. Especially, on SYSU-MM01 datasets, our model can achieve a gain of 2.89%and 7.96% in all search term of Rank-1 and mAP. The source code will be released soon.      
### 30.Depression Recognition using Remote Photoplethysmography from Facial Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04399.pdf)
>  Depression is a mental illness that may be harmful to an individual's health. The detection of mental health disorders in the early stages and a precise diagnosis are critical to avoid social, physiological, or psychological side effects. This work analyzes physiological signals to observe if different depressive states have a noticeable impact on the blood volume pulse (BVP) and the heart rate variability (HRV) response. Although typically, HRV features are calculated from biosignals obtained with contact-based sensors such as wearables, we propose instead a novel scheme that directly extracts them from facial videos, just based on visual information, removing the need for any contact-based device. Our solution is based on a pipeline that is able to extract complete remote photoplethysmography signals (rPPG) in a fully unsupervised manner. We use these rPPG signals to calculate over 60 statistical, geometrical, and physiological features that are further used to train several machine learning regressors to recognize different levels of depression. Experiments on two benchmark datasets indicate that this approach offers comparable results to other audiovisual modalities based on voice or facial expression, potentially complementing them. In addition, the results achieved for the proposed method show promising and solid performance that outperforms hand-engineered methods and is comparable to deep learning-based approaches.      
### 31.CLIP-Actor: Text-Driven Recommendation and Stylization for Animating Human Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04382.pdf)
>  We propose CLIP-Actor, a text-driven motion recommendation and neural mesh stylization system for human mesh animation. CLIP-Actor animates a 3D human mesh to conform to a text prompt by recommending a motion sequence and learning mesh style attributes. Prior work fails to generate plausible results when the artist-designed mesh content does not conform to the text from the beginning. Instead, we build a text-driven human motion recommendation system by leveraging a large-scale human motion dataset with language labels. Given a natural language prompt, CLIP-Actor first suggests a human motion that conforms to the prompt in a coarse-to-fine manner. Then, we propose a synthesize-through-optimization method that detailizes and texturizes a recommended mesh sequence in a disentangled way from the pose of each frame. It allows the style attribute to conform to the prompt in a temporally-consistent and pose-agnostic manner. The decoupled neural optimization also enables spatio-temporal view augmentation from multi-frame human motion. We further propose the mask-weighted embedding attention, which stabilizes the optimization process by rejecting distracting renders containing scarce foreground pixels. We demonstrate that CLIP-Actor produces plausible and human-recognizable style 3D human mesh in motion with detailed geometry and texture from a natural language prompt.      
### 32.STIP: A SpatioTemporal Information-Preserving and Perception-Augmented Model for High-Resolution Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04381.pdf)
>  Although significant achievements have been achieved by recurrent neural network (RNN) based video prediction methods, their performance in datasets with high resolutions is still far from satisfactory because of the information loss problem and the perception-insensitive mean square error (MSE) based loss functions. In this paper, we propose a Spatiotemporal Information-Preserving and Perception-Augmented Model (STIP) to solve the above two problems. To solve the information loss problem, the proposed model aims to preserve the spatiotemporal information for videos during the feature extraction and the state transitions, respectively. Firstly, a Multi-Grained Spatiotemporal Auto-Encoder (MGST-AE) is designed based on the X-Net structure. The proposed MGST-AE can help the decoders recall multi-grained information from the encoders in both the temporal and spatial domains. In this way, more spatiotemporal information can be preserved during the feature extraction for high-resolution videos. Secondly, a Spatiotemporal Gated Recurrent Unit (STGRU) is designed based on the standard Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) structure, which can efficiently preserve spatiotemporal information during the state transitions. The proposed STGRU can achieve more satisfactory performance with a much lower computation load compared with the popular Long Short-Term (LSTM) based predictive memories. Furthermore, to improve the traditional MSE loss functions, a Learned Perceptual Loss (LP-loss) is further designed based on the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), which can help obtain a satisfactory trade-off between the objective quality and the perceptual quality. Experimental results show that the proposed STIP can predict videos with more satisfactory visual quality compared with a variety of state-of-the-art methods. Source code has been available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhengChang467/STIPHR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 33.Uncovering bias in the PlantVillage dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04374.pdf)
>  We report our investigation on the use of the popular PlantVillage dataset for training deep learning based plant disease detection models. We trained a machine learning model using only 8 pixels from the PlantVillage image backgrounds. The model achieved 49.0% accuracy on the held-out test set, well above the random guessing accuracy of 2.6%. This result indicates that the PlantVillage dataset contains noise correlated with the labels and deep learning models can easily exploit this bias to make predictions. Possible approaches to alleviate this problem are discussed.      
### 34.CARLA-GeAR: a Dataset Generator for a Systematic Evaluation of Adversarial Robustness of Vision Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04365.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples represent a serious threat for deep neural networks in several application domains and a huge amount of work has been produced to investigate them and mitigate their effects. Nevertheless, no much work has been devoted to the generation of datasets specifically designed to evaluate the adversarial robustness of neural models. This paper presents CARLA-GeAR, a tool for the automatic generation of photo-realistic synthetic datasets that can be used for a systematic evaluation of the adversarial robustness of neural models against physical adversarial patches, as well as for comparing the performance of different adversarial defense/detection methods. The tool is built on the CARLA simulator, using its Python API, and allows the generation of datasets for several vision tasks in the context of autonomous driving. The adversarial patches included in the generated datasets are attached to billboards or the back of a truck and are crafted by using state-of-the-art white-box attack strategies to maximize the prediction error of the model under test. Finally, the paper presents an experimental study to evaluate the performance of some defense methods against such attacks, showing how the datasets generated with CARLA-GeAR might be used in future work as a benchmark for adversarial defense in the real world. All the code and datasets used in this paper are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://carlagear.retis.santannapisa.it" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 35.Deep radiomic signature with immune cell markers predicts the survival of glioma patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04349.pdf)
>  Imaging biomarkers offer a non-invasive way to predict the response of immunotherapy prior to treatment. In this work, we propose a novel type of deep radiomic features (DRFs) computed from a convolutional neural network (CNN), which capture tumor characteristics related to immune cell markers and overall survival. Our study uses four MRI sequences (T1-weighted, T1-weighted post-contrast, T2-weighted and FLAIR) with corresponding immune cell markers of 151 patients with brain tumor. The proposed method extracts a total of 180 DRFs by aggregating the activation maps of a pre-trained 3D-CNN within labeled tumor regions of MRI scans. These features offer a compact, yet powerful representation of regional texture encoding tissue heterogeneity. A comprehensive set of experiments is performed to assess the relationship between the proposed DRFs and immune cell markers, and measure their association with overall survival. Results show a high correlation between DRFs and various markers, as well as significant differences between patients grouped based on these markers. Moreover, combining DRFs, clinical features and immune cell markers as input to a random forest classifier helps discriminate between short and long survival outcomes, with AUC of 72\% and p=2.36$\times$10$^{-5}$. These results demonstrate the usefulness of proposed DRFs as non-invasive biomarker for predicting treatment response in patients with brain tumors.      
### 36.CFA: Coupled-hypersphere-based Feature Adaptation for Target-Oriented Anomaly Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04325.pdf)
>  For a long time, anomaly localization has been widely used in industries. Previous studies focused on approximating the distribution of normal features without adaptation to a target dataset. However, since anomaly localization should precisely discriminate normal and abnormal features, the absence of adaptation may make the normality of abnormal features overestimated. Thus, we propose Coupled-hypersphere-based Feature Adaptation (CFA) which accomplishes sophisticated anomaly localization using features adapted to the target dataset. CFA consists of (1) a learnable patch descriptor that learns and embeds target-oriented features and (2) scalable memory bank independent of the size of the target dataset. And, CFA adopts transfer learning to increase the normal feature density so that abnormal features can be clearly distinguished by applying patch descriptor and memory bank to a pre-trained CNN. The proposed method outperforms the previous methods quantitatively and qualitatively. For example, it provides an AUROC score of 99.5% in anomaly detection and 98.5% in anomaly localization of MVTec AD benchmark. In addition, this paper points out the negative effects of biased features of pre-trained CNNs and emphasizes the importance of the adaptation to the target dataset. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sungwool/CFA_for_anomaly_localization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Reconstruct Face from Features Using GAN Generator as a Distribution Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04295.pdf)
>  Face recognition based on the deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) shows superior accuracy performance attributed to the high discriminative features extracted. Yet, the security and privacy of the extracted features from deep learning models (deep features) have been often overlooked. This paper proposes the reconstruction of face images from deep features without accessing the CNN network configurations as a constrained optimization problem. Such optimization minimizes the distance between the features extracted from the original face image and the reconstructed face image. Instead of directly solving the optimization problem in the image space, we innovatively reformulate the problem by looking for a latent vector of a GAN generator, then use it to generate the face image. The GAN generator serves as a dual role in this novel framework, i.e., face distribution constraint of the optimization goal and a face generator. On top of the novel optimization task, we also propose an attack pipeline to impersonate the target user based on the generated face image. Our results show that the generated face images can achieve a state-of-the-art successful attack rate of 98.0\% on LFW under type-I attack @ FAR of 0.1\%. Our work sheds light on the biometric deployment to meet the privacy-preserving and security policies.      
### 38.Local Spatiotemporal Representation Learning for Longitudinally-consistent Neuroimage Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04281.pdf)
>  Recent self-supervised advances in medical computer vision exploit global and local anatomical self-similarity for pretraining prior to downstream tasks such as segmentation. However, current methods assume i.i.d. image acquisition, which is invalid in clinical study designs where follow-up longitudinal scans track subject-specific temporal changes. Further, existing self-supervised methods for medically-relevant image-to-image architectures exploit only spatial or temporal self-similarity and only do so via a loss applied at a single image-scale, with naive multi-scale spatiotemporal extensions collapsing to degenerate solutions. To these ends, this paper makes two contributions: (1) It presents a local and multi-scale spatiotemporal representation learning method for image-to-image architectures trained on longitudinal images. It exploits the spatiotemporal self-similarity of learned multi-scale intra-subject features for pretraining and develops several feature-wise regularizations that avoid collapsed identity representations; (2) During finetuning, it proposes a surprisingly simple self-supervised segmentation consistency regularization to exploit intra-subject correlation. Benchmarked in the one-shot segmentation setting, the proposed framework outperforms both well-tuned randomly-initialized baselines and current self-supervised techniques designed for both i.i.d. and longitudinal datasets. These improvements are demonstrated across both longitudinal neurodegenerative adult MRI and developing infant brain MRI and yield both higher performance and longitudinal consistency.      
### 39.DeepVerge: Classification of Roadside Verge Biodiversity and Conservation Potential  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04271.pdf)
>  Open space grassland is being increasingly farmed or built upon, leading to a ramping up of conservation efforts targeting roadside verges. Approximately half of all UK grassland species can be found along the country's 500,000 km of roads, with some 91 species either threatened or near threatened. Careful management of these "wildlife corridors" is therefore essential to preventing species extinction and maintaining biodiversity in grassland habitats. Wildlife trusts have often enlisted the support of volunteers to survey roadside verges and identify new "Local Wildlife Sites" as areas of high conservation potential. Using volunteer survey data from 3,900 km of roadside verges alongside publicly available street-view imagery, we present DeepVerge; a deep learning-based method that can automatically survey sections of roadside verges by detecting the presence of positive indicator species. Using images and ground truth survey data from the rural county of Lincolnshire, DeepVerge achieved a mean accuracy of 88%. Such a method may be used by local authorities to identify new local wildlife sites, and aid management and environmental planning in line with legal and government policy obligations, saving thousands of hours of manual labour.      
### 40.SwinCheX: Multi-label classification on chest X-ray images with transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04246.pdf)
>  According to the considerable growth in the avail of chest X-ray images in diagnosing various diseases, as well as gathering extensive datasets, having an automated diagnosis procedure using deep neural networks has occupied the minds of experts. Most of the available methods in computer vision use a CNN backbone to acquire high accuracy on the classification problems. Nevertheless, recent researches show that transformers, established as the de facto method in NLP, can also outperform many CNN-based models in vision. This paper proposes a multi-label classification deep model based on the Swin Transformer as the backbone to achieve state-of-the-art diagnosis classification. It leverages Multi-Layer Perceptron, also known as MLP, for the head architecture. We evaluate our model on one of the most widely-used and largest x-ray datasets called "Chest X-ray14," which comprises more than 100,000 frontal/back-view images from over 30,000 patients with 14 famous chest diseases. Our model has been tested with several number of MLP layers for the head setting, each achieves a competitive AUC score on all classes. Comprehensive experiments on Chest X-ray14 have shown that a 3-layer head attains state-of-the-art performance with an average AUC score of 0.810, compared to the former SOTA average AUC of 0.799. We propose an experimental setup for the fair benchmarking of existing methods, which could be used as a basis for the future studies. Finally, we followed up our results by confirming that the proposed method attends to the pathologically relevant areas of the chest.      
### 41.OOD Augmentation May Be at Odds with Open-Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04242.pdf)
>  Despite advances in image classification methods, detecting the samples not belonging to the training classes is still a challenging problem. There has been a burst of interest in this subject recently, which is called Open-Set Recognition (OSR). In OSR, the goal is to achieve both the classification and detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) samples. Several ideas have been proposed to push the empirical result further through complicated techniques. We believe that such complication is indeed not necessary. To this end, we have shown that Maximum Softmax Probability (MSP), as the simplest baseline for OSR, applied on Vision Transformers (ViTs) as the base classifier that is trained with non-OOD augmentations can surprisingly outperform many recent methods. Non-OOD augmentations are the ones that do not alter the data distribution by much. Our results outperform state-of-the-art in CIFAR-10 datasets, and is also better than most of the current methods in SVHN and MNIST. We show that training augmentation has a significant effect on the performance of ViTs in the OSR tasks, and while they should produce significant diversity in the augmented samples, the generated sample OOD-ness must remain limited.      
### 42.JNMR: Joint Non-linear Motion Regression for Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04231.pdf)
>  Video frame interpolation (VFI) aims to generate predictive frames by warping learnable motions from the bidirectional historical references. Most existing works utilize spatio-temporal semantic information extractor to realize motion estimation and interpolation modeling, not enough considering with the real mechanistic rationality of generated middle motions. In this paper, we reformulate VFI as a multi-variable non-linear (MNL) regression problem, and a Joint Non-linear Motion Regression (JNMR) strategy is proposed to model complicated motions of inter-frame. To establish the MNL regression, ConvLSTM is adopted to construct the distribution of complete motions in temporal dimension. The motion correlations between the target frame and multiple reference frames can be regressed by the modeled distribution. Moreover, the feature learning network is designed to optimize for the MNL regression modeling. A coarse-to-fine synthesis enhancement module is further conducted to learn visual dynamics at different resolutions through repetitive regression and interpolation. Highly competitive experimental results on frame interpolation show that the effectiveness and significant improvement compared with state-of-the-art performance, and the robustness of complicated motion estimation is improved by the MNL motion regression.      
### 43.SCAMPS: Synthetics for Camera Measurement of Physiological Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04197.pdf)
>  The use of cameras and computational algorithms for noninvasive, low-cost and scalable measurement of physiological (e.g., cardiac and pulmonary) vital signs is very attractive. However, diverse data representing a range of environments, body motions, illumination conditions and physiological states is laborious, time consuming and expensive to obtain. Synthetic data have proven a valuable tool in several areas of machine learning, yet are not widely available for camera measurement of physiological states. Synthetic data offer "perfect" labels (e.g., without noise and with precise synchronization), labels that may not be possible to obtain otherwise (e.g., precise pixel level segmentation maps) and provide a high degree of control over variation and diversity in the dataset. We present SCAMPS, a dataset of synthetics containing 2,800 videos (1.68M frames) with aligned cardiac and respiratory signals and facial action intensities. The RGB frames are provided alongside segmentation maps. We provide precise descriptive statistics about the underlying waveforms, including inter-beat interval, heart rate variability, and pulse arrival time. Finally, we present baseline results training on these synthetic data and testing on real-world datasets to illustrate generalizability.      
### 44.VN-Transformer: Rotation-Equivariant Attention for Vector Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04176.pdf)
>  Rotation equivariance is a desirable property in many practical applications such as motion forecasting and 3D perception, where it can offer benefits like sample efficiency, better generalization, and robustness to input perturbations. Vector Neurons (VN) is a recently developed framework offering a simple yet effective approach for deriving rotation-equivariant analogs of standard machine learning operations by extending one-dimensional scalar neurons to three-dimensional "vector neurons." We introduce a novel "VN-Transformer" architecture to address several shortcomings of the current VN models. Our contributions are: $(i)$ we derive a rotation-equivariant attention mechanism which eliminates the need for the heavy feature preprocessing required by the original Vector Neurons models; $(ii)$ we extend the VN framework to support non-spatial attributes, expanding the applicability of these models to real-world datasets; $(iii)$ we derive a rotation-equivariant mechanism for multi-scale reduction of point-cloud resolution, greatly speeding up inference and training; $(iv)$ we show that small tradeoffs in equivariance ($\epsilon$-approximate equivariance) can be used to obtain large improvements in numerical stability and training robustness on accelerated hardware, and we bound the propagation of equivariance violations in our models. Finally, we apply our VN-Transformer to 3D shape classification and motion forecasting with compelling results.      
### 45.CASS: Cross Architectural Self-Supervision for Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04170.pdf)
>  Recent advances in Deep Learning and Computer Vision have alleviated many of the bottlenecks, allowing algorithms to be label-free with better performance. Specifically, Transformers provide a global perspective of the image, which Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) lack by design. Here we present Cross Architectural Self-Supervision, a novel self-supervised learning approach which leverages transformers and CNN simultaneously, while also being computationally accessible to general practitioners via easily available cloud services. Compared to existing state-of-the-art self-supervised learning approaches, we empirically show CASS trained CNNs, and Transformers gained an average of 8.5% with 100% labelled data, 7.3% with 10% labelled data, and 11.5% with 1% labelled data, across three diverse datasets. Notably, one of the employed datasets included histopathology slides of an autoimmune disease, a topic underrepresented in Medical Imaging and has minimal data. In addition, our findings reveal that CASS is twice as efficient as other state-of-the-art methods in terms of training time.      
### 46.Ensembling Framework for Texture Extraction Techniques for Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04158.pdf)
>  In the past few years, texture-based classification problems have proven their significance in many domains, from industrial inspection to health-related applications. New techniques and CNN-based architectures have been developed in recent years to solve texture-based classification problems. The limitation of these approaches is that none of them claims to be the best suited for all types of textures. Each technique has its advantage over a specific texture type. To address this issue, we are proposing a framework that combines existing techniques to extract texture features and displays better results than the present ones. The proposed framework works well on the most of the texture types, and in this framework, new techniques can also be added to achieve better results than existing ones. We are also presenting the SOTA results on FMD and KTH datasets by combining three existing techniques, using the proposed framework.      
### 47.Towards Self-supervised and Weight-preserving Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04125.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) algorithms save tremendous labor from human experts. Recent advancements further reduce the computational overhead to an affordable level. However, it is still cumbersome to deploy the NAS techniques in real-world applications due to the fussy procedures and the supervised learning paradigm. In this work, we propose the self-supervised and weight-preserving neural architecture search (SSWP-NAS) as an extension of the current NAS framework by allowing the self-supervision and retaining the concomitant weights discovered during the search stage. As such, we simplify the workflow of NAS to a one-stage and proxy-free procedure. Experiments show that the architectures searched by the proposed framework achieve state-of-the-art accuracy on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet datasets without using manual labels. Moreover, we show that employing the concomitant weights as initialization consistently outperforms the random initialization and the two-stage weight pre-training method by a clear margin under semi-supervised learning scenarios. Codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LzVv123456/SSWP-NAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.DRHDR: A Dual branch Residual Network for Multi-Bracket High Dynamic Range Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04124.pdf)
>  We introduce DRHDR, a Dual branch Residual Convolutional Neural Network for Multi-Bracket HDR Imaging. To address the challenges of fusing multiple brackets from dynamic scenes, we propose an efficient dual branch network that operates on two different resolutions. The full resolution branch uses a Deformable Convolutional Block to align features and retain high-frequency details. A low resolution branch with a Spatial Attention Block aims to attend wanted areas from the non-reference brackets, and suppress displaced features that could incur on ghosting artifacts. By using a dual branch approach we are able to achieve high quality results while constraining the computational resources required to estimate the HDR results.      
### 49.VideoINR: Learning Video Implicit Neural Representation for Continuous Space-Time Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04647.pdf)
>  Videos typically record the streaming and continuous visual data as discrete consecutive frames. Since the storage cost is expensive for videos of high fidelity, most of them are stored in a relatively low resolution and frame rate. Recent works of Space-Time Video Super-Resolution (STVSR) are developed to incorporate temporal interpolation and spatial super-resolution in a unified framework. However, most of them only support a fixed up-sampling scale, which limits their flexibility and applications. In this work, instead of following the discrete representations, we propose Video Implicit Neural Representation (VideoINR), and we show its applications for STVSR. The learned implicit neural representation can be decoded to videos of arbitrary spatial resolution and frame rate. We show that VideoINR achieves competitive performances with state-of-the-art STVSR methods on common up-sampling scales and significantly outperforms prior works on continuous and out-of-training-distribution scales. Our project page is at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://zeyuan-chen.com/VideoINR/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 50.AttX: Attentive Cross-Connections for Fusion of Wearable Signals in Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04625.pdf)
>  We propose cross-modal attentive connections, a new dynamic and effective technique for multimodal representation learning from wearable data. Our solution can be integrated into any stage of the pipeline, i.e., after any convolutional layer or block, to create intermediate connections between individual streams responsible for processing each modality. Additionally, our method benefits from two properties. First, it can share information uni-directionally (from one modality to the other) or bi-directionally. Second, it can be integrated into multiple stages at the same time to further allow network gradients to be exchanged in several touch-points. We perform extensive experiments on three public multimodal wearable datasets, WESAD, SWELL-KW, and CASE, and demonstrate that our method can effectively regulate and share information between different modalities to learn better representations. Our experiments further demonstrate that once integrated into simple CNN-based multimodal solutions (2, 3, or 4 modalities), our method can result in superior or competitive performance to state-of-the-art and outperform a variety of baseline uni-modal and classical multimodal methods.      
### 51.Classification of COVID-19 in Chest X-ray Images Using Fusion of Deep Features and LightGBM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04548.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 disease was first discovered in Wuhan, China, and spread quickly worldwide. After the COVID-19 pandemic, many researchers have begun to identify a way to diagnose the COVID-19 using chest X-ray images. The early diagnosis of this disease can significantly impact the treatment process. In this article, we propose a new technique that is faster and more accurate than the other methods reported in the literature. The proposed method uses a combination of DenseNet169 and MobileNet Deep Neural Networks to extract the features of the patient's X-ray images. Using the univariate feature selection algorithm, we refined the features for the most important ones. Then we applied the selected features as input to the LightGBM (Light Gradient Boosting Machine) algorithm for classification. To assess the effectiveness of the proposed method, the ChestX-ray8 dataset, which includes 1125 X-ray images of the patient's chest, was used. The proposed method achieved 98.54% and 91.11% accuracies in the two-class (COVID-19, Healthy) and multi-class (COVID-19, Healthy, Pneumonia) classification problems, respectively. It is worth mentioning that we have used Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) for further analysis.      
### 52.DORA: Exploring outlier representations in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04530.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) draw their power from the representations they learn. In recent years, however, researchers have found that DNNs, while being incredibly effective in learning complex abstractions, also tend to be infected with artifacts, such as biases, Clever Hanses (CH), or Backdoors, due to spurious correlations inherent in the training data. So far, existing methods for uncovering such artifactual and malicious behavior in trained models focus on finding artifacts in the input data, which requires both availabilities of a data set and human intervention. In this paper, we introduce DORA (Data-agnOstic Representation Analysis): the first automatic data-agnostic method for the detection of potentially infected representations in Deep Neural Networks. We further show that contaminated representations found by DORA can be used to detect infected samples in any given dataset. We qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate the performance of our proposed method in both, controlled toy scenarios, and in real-world settings, where we demonstrate the benefit of DORA in safety-critical applications.      
### 53.Face-Dubbing++: Lip-Synchronous, Voice Preserving Translation of Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04523.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a neural end-to-end system for voice preserving, lip-synchronous translation of videos. The system is designed to combine multiple component models and produces a video of the original speaker speaking in the target language that is lip-synchronous with the target speech, yet maintains emphases in speech, voice characteristics, face video of the original speaker. The pipeline starts with automatic speech recognition including emphasis detection, followed by a translation model. The translated text is then synthesized by a Text-to-Speech model that recreates the original emphases mapped from the original sentence. The resulting synthetic voice is then mapped back to the original speakers' voice using a voice conversion model. Finally, to synchronize the lips of the speaker with the translated audio, a conditional generative adversarial network-based model generates frames of adapted lip movements with respect to the input face image as well as the output of the voice conversion model. In the end, the system combines the generated video with the converted audio to produce the final output. The result is a video of a speaker speaking in another language without actually knowing it. To evaluate our design, we present a user study of the complete system as well as separate evaluations of the single components. Since there is no available dataset to evaluate our whole system, we collect a test set and evaluate our system on this test set. The results indicate that our system is able to generate convincing videos of the original speaker speaking the target language while preserving the original speaker's characteristics. The collected dataset will be shared.      
### 54.SAR Despeckling using a Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04514.pdf)
>  Speckle is a multiplicative noise which affects all coherent imaging modalities including Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images. The presence of speckle degrades the image quality and adversely affects the performance of SAR image understanding applications such as automatic target recognition and change detection. Thus, SAR despeckling is an important problem in remote sensing. In this paper, we introduce SAR-DDPM, a denoising diffusion probabilistic model for SAR despeckling. The proposed method comprises of a Markov chain that transforms clean images to white Gaussian noise by repeatedly adding random noise. The despeckled image is recovered by a reverse process which iteratively predicts the added noise using a noise predictor which is conditioned on the speckled image. In addition, we propose a new inference strategy based on cycle spinning to improve the despeckling performance. Our experiments on both synthetic and real SAR images demonstrate that the proposed method achieves significant improvements in both quantitative and qualitative results over the state-of-the-art despeckling methods.      
### 55.SDQ: Stochastic Differentiable Quantization with Mixed Precision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04459.pdf)
>  In order to deploy deep models in a computationally efficient manner, model quantization approaches have been frequently used. In addition, as new hardware that supports mixed bitwidth arithmetic operations, recent research on mixed precision quantization (MPQ) begins to fully leverage the capacity of representation by searching optimized bitwidths for different layers and modules in a network. However, previous studies mainly search the MPQ strategy in a costly scheme using reinforcement learning, neural architecture search, etc., or simply utilize partial prior knowledge for bitwidth assignment, which might be biased and sub-optimal. In this work, we present a novel Stochastic Differentiable Quantization (SDQ) method that can automatically learn the MPQ strategy in a more flexible and globally-optimized space with smoother gradient approximation. Particularly, Differentiable Bitwidth Parameters (DBPs) are employed as the probability factors in stochastic quantization between adjacent bitwidth choices. After the optimal MPQ strategy is acquired, we further train our network with entropy-aware bin regularization and knowledge distillation. We extensively evaluate our method for several networks on different hardware (GPUs and FPGA) and datasets. SDQ outperforms all state-of-the-art mixed or single precision quantization with a lower bitwidth and is even better than the full-precision counterparts across various ResNet and MobileNet families, demonstrating the effectiveness and superiority of our method.      
### 56.Cross-boosting of WNNM Image Denoising method by Directional Wavelet Packets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04431.pdf)
>  The paper presents an image denoising scheme by combining a method that is based on directional quasi-analytic wavelet packets (qWPs) with the state-of-the-art Weighted Nuclear Norm Minimization (WNNM) denoising algorithm. The qWP-based denoising method (qWPdn) consists of multiscale qWP transform of the degraded image, application of adaptive localized soft thresholding to the transform coefficients using the Bivariate Shrinkage methodology, and restoration of the image from the thresholded coefficients from several decomposition levels. The combined method consists of several iterations of qWPdn and WNNM algorithms in a way that at each iteration the output from one algorithm boosts the input to the other. The proposed methodology couples the qWPdn capabilities to capture edges and fine texture patterns even in the severely corrupted images with utilizing the non-local self-similarity in real images that is inherent in the WNNM algorithm. <br>Multiple experiments, which compared the proposed methodology with six advanced denoising algorithms, including WNNM, confirmed that the combined cross-boosting algorithm outperforms most of them in terms of both quantitative measure and visual perception quality.      
### 57.Deep Neural Network for Blind Visual Quality Assessment of 4K Content  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04363.pdf)
>  The 4K content can deliver a more immersive visual experience to consumers due to the huge improvement of spatial resolution. However, existing blind image quality assessment (BIQA) methods are not suitable for the original and upscaled 4K contents due to the expanded resolution and specific distortions. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based BIQA model for 4K content, which on one hand can recognize true and pseudo 4K content and on the other hand can evaluate their perceptual visual quality. Considering the characteristic that high spatial resolution can represent more abundant high-frequency information, we first propose a Grey-level Co-occurrence Matrix (GLCM) based texture complexity measure to select three representative image patches from a 4K image, which can reduce the computational complexity and is proven to be very effective for the overall quality prediction through experiments. Then we extract different kinds of visual features from the intermediate layers of the convolutional neural network (CNN) and integrate them into the quality-aware feature representation. Finally, two multilayer perception (MLP) networks are utilized to map the quality-aware features into the class probability and the quality score for each patch respectively. The overall quality index is obtained through the average pooling of patch results. The proposed model is trained through the multi-task learning manner and we introduce an uncertainty principle to balance the losses of the classification and regression tasks. The experimental results show that the proposed model outperforms all compared BIQA metrics on four 4K content quality assessment databases.      
### 58.How Asynchronous Events Encode Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04341.pdf)
>  As event-based sensing gains in popularity, theoretical understanding is needed to harness this technology's potential. Instead of recording video by capturing frames, event-based cameras have sensors that emit events when their inputs change, thus encoding information in the timing of events. This creates new challenges in establishing reconstruction guarantees and algorithms, but also provides advantages over frame-based video. We use time encoding machines to model event-based sensors: TEMs also encode their inputs by emitting events characterized by their timing and reconstruction from time encodings is well understood. We consider the case of time encoding bandlimited video and demonstrate a dependence between spatial sensor density and overall spatial and temporal resolution. Such a dependence does not occur in frame-based video, where temporal resolution depends solely on the frame rate of the video and spatial resolution depends solely on the pixel grid. However, this dependence arises naturally in event-based video and allows oversampling in space to provide better time resolution. As such, event-based vision encourages using more sensors that emit fewer events over time.      
### 59.Joint Modeling of Image and Label Statistics for Enhancing Model Generalizability of Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04336.pdf)
>  Although supervised deep-learning has achieved promising performance in medical image segmentation, many methods cannot generalize well on unseen data, limiting their real-world applicability. To address this problem, we propose a deep learning-based Bayesian framework, which jointly models image and label statistics, utilizing the domain-irrelevant contour of a medical image for segmentation. Specifically, we first decompose an image into components of contour and basis. Then, we model the expected label as a variable only related to the contour. Finally, we develop a variational Bayesian framework to infer the posterior distributions of these variables, including the contour, the basis, and the label. The framework is implemented with neural networks, thus is referred to as deep Bayesian segmentation. Results on the task of cross-sequence cardiac MRI segmentation show that our method set a new state of the art for model generalizability. Particularly, the BayeSeg model trained with LGE MRI generalized well on T2 images and outperformed other models with great margins, i.e., over 0.47 in terms of average Dice. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zmiclab.github.io/projects.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.Novel projection schemes for graph-based Light Field coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04328.pdf)
>  In Light Field compression, graph-based coding is powerful to exploit signal redundancy along irregular shapes and obtains good energy compaction. However, apart from high time complexity to process high dimensional graphs, their graph construction method is highly sensitive to the accuracy of disparity information between viewpoints. In real world Light Field or synthetic Light Field generated by computer software, the use of disparity information for super-rays projection might suffer from inaccuracy due to vignetting effect and large disparity between views in the two types of Light Fields respectively. This paper introduces two novel projection schemes resulting in less error in disparity information, in which one projection scheme can also significantly reduce time computation for both encoder and decoder. Experimental results show projection quality of super-pixels across views can be considerably enhanced using the proposals, along with rate-distortion performance when compared against original projection scheme and HEVC-based or JPEG Pleno-based coding approaches.      
### 61.Blind Surveillance Image Quality Assessment via Deep Neural Network Combined with the Visual Saliency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04318.pdf)
>  The intelligent video surveillance system (IVSS) can automatically analyze the content of the surveillance image (SI) and reduce the burden of the manual labour. However, the SIs may suffer quality degradations in the procedure of acquisition, compression, and transmission, which makes IVSS hard to understand the content of SIs. In this paper, we first conduct an example experiment (i.e. the face detection task) to demonstrate that the quality of the SIs has a crucial impact on the performance of the IVSS, and then propose a saliency-based deep neural network for the blind quality assessment of the SIs, which helps IVSS to filter the low-quality SIs and improve the detection and recognition performance. Specifically, we first compute the saliency map of the SI to select the most salient local region since the salient regions usually contain rich semantic information for machine vision and thus have a great impact on the overall quality of the SIs. Next, the convolutional neural network (CNN) is adopted to extract quality-aware features for the whole image and local region, which are then mapped into the global and local quality scores through the fully connected (FC) network respectively. Finally, the overall quality score is computed as the weighted sum of the global and local quality scores. Experimental results on the SI quality database (SIQD) show that the proposed method outperforms all compared state-of-the-art BIQA methods.      
### 62.GSmooth: Certified Robustness against Semantic Transformations via Generalized Randomized Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04310.pdf)
>  Certified defenses such as randomized smoothing have shown promise towards building reliable machine learning systems against $\ell_p$-norm bounded attacks. However, existing methods are insufficient or unable to provably defend against semantic transformations, especially those without closed-form expressions (such as defocus blur and pixelate), which are more common in practice and often unrestricted. To fill up this gap, we propose generalized randomized smoothing (GSmooth), a unified theoretical framework for certifying robustness against general semantic transformations via a novel dimension augmentation strategy. Under the GSmooth framework, we present a scalable algorithm that uses a surrogate image-to-image network to approximate the complex transformation. The surrogate model provides a powerful tool for studying the properties of semantic transformations and certifying robustness. Experimental results on several datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for robustness certification against multiple kinds of semantic transformations and corruptions, which is not achievable by the alternative baselines.      
### 63.A No-Reference Deep Learning Quality Assessment Method for Super-resolution Images Based on Frequency Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04289.pdf)
>  To support the application scenarios where high-resolution (HR) images are urgently needed, various single image super-resolution (SISR) algorithms are developed. However, SISR is an ill-posed inverse problem, which may bring artifacts like texture shift, blur, etc. to the reconstructed images, thus it is necessary to evaluate the quality of super-resolution images (SRIs). Note that most existing image quality assessment (IQA) methods were developed for synthetically distorted images, which may not work for SRIs since their distortions are more diverse and complicated. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a no-reference deep-learning image quality assessment method based on frequency maps because the artifacts caused by SISR algorithms are quite sensitive to frequency information. Specifically, we first obtain the high-frequency map (HM) and low-frequency map (LM) of SRI by using Sobel operator and piecewise smooth image approximation. Then, a two-stream network is employed to extract the quality-aware features of both frequency maps. Finally, the features are regressed into a single quality value using fully connected layers. The experimental results show that our method outperforms all compared IQA models on the selected three super-resolution quality assessment (SRQA) databases.      
### 64.STEM image analysis based on deep learning: identification of vacancy defects and polymorphs of ${MoS_2}$  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04272.pdf)
>  Scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM) is an indispensable tool for atomic-resolution structural analysis for a wide range of materials. The conventional analysis of STEM images is an extensive hands-on process, which limits efficient handling of high-throughput data. Here we apply a fully convolutional network (FCN) for identification of important structural features of two-dimensional crystals. ResUNet, a type of FCN, is utilized in identifying sulfur vacancies and polymorph types of ${MoS_2}$ from atomic resolution STEM images. Efficient models are achieved based on training with simulated images in the presence of different levels of noise, aberrations, and carbon contamination. The accuracy of the FCN models toward extensive experimental STEM images is comparable to that of careful hands-on analysis. Our work provides a guideline on best practices to train a deep learning model for STEM image analysis and demonstrates FCN's application for efficient processing of a large volume of STEM data.      
### 65.Cardiac Adipose Tissue Segmentation via Image-Level Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04238.pdf)
>  Automatically identifying the structural substrates underlying cardiac abnormalities can potentially provide real-time guidance for interventional procedures. With the knowledge of cardiac tissue substrates, the treatment of complex arrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia can be further optimized by detecting arrhythmia substrates to target for treatment (i.e., adipose) and identifying critical structures to avoid. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a real-time imaging modality that aids in addressing this need. Existing approaches for cardiac image analysis mainly rely on fully supervised learning techniques, which suffer from the drawback of workload on labor-intensive annotation process of pixel-wise labeling. To lessen the need for pixel-wise labeling, we develop a two-stage deep learning framework for cardiac adipose tissue segmentation using image-level annotations on OCT images of human cardiac substrates. In particular, we integrate class activation mapping with superpixel segmentation to solve the sparse tissue seed challenge raised in cardiac tissue segmentation. Our study bridges the gap between the demand on automatic tissue analysis and the lack of high-quality pixel-wise annotations. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that attempts to address cardiac tissue segmentation on OCT images via weakly supervised learning techniques. Within an in-vitro human cardiac OCT dataset, we demonstrate that our weakly supervised approach on image-level annotations achieves comparable performance as fully supervised methods trained on pixel-wise annotations.      
### 66.Deep Estimation of Speckle Statistics Parametric Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04145.pdf)
>  Quantitative Ultrasound (QUS) provides important information about the tissue properties. QUS parametric image can be formed by dividing the envelope data into small overlapping patches and computing different speckle statistics such as parameters of the Nakagami and Homodyned K-distributions (HK-distribution). The calculated QUS parametric images can be erroneous since only a few independent samples are available inside the patches. Another challenge is that the envelope samples inside the patch are assumed to come from the same distribution, an assumption that is often violated given that the tissue is usually not homogenous. In this paper, we propose a method based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) to estimate QUS parametric images without patching. We construct a large dataset sampled from the HK-distribution, having regions with random shapes and QUS parameter values. We then use a well-known network to estimate QUS parameters in a multi-task learning fashion. Our results confirm that the proposed method is able to reduce errors and improve border definition in QUS parametric images.      
### 67.Receding Moving Object Segmentation in 3D LiDAR Data Using Sparse 4D Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04129.pdf)
>  A key challenge for autonomous vehicles is to navigate in unseen dynamic environments. Separating moving objects from static ones is essential for navigation, pose estimation, and understanding how other traffic participants are likely to move in the near future. In this work, we tackle the problem of distinguishing 3D LiDAR points that belong to currently moving objects, like walking pedestrians or driving cars, from points that are obtained from non-moving objects, like walls but also parked cars. Our approach takes a sequence of observed LiDAR scans and turns them into a voxelized sparse 4D point cloud. We apply computationally efficient sparse 4D convolutions to jointly extract spatial and temporal features and predict moving object confidence scores for all points in the sequence. We develop a receding horizon strategy that allows us to predict moving objects online and to refine predictions on the go based on new observations. We use a binary Bayes filter to recursively integrate new predictions of a scan resulting in more robust estimation. We evaluate our approach on the SemanticKITTI moving object segmentation challenge and show more accurate predictions than existing methods. Since our approach only operates on the geometric information of point clouds over time, it generalizes well to new, unseen environments, which we evaluate on the Apollo dataset.      
### 68.An Improved Deep Convolutional Neural Network by Using Hybrid Optimization Algorithms to Detect and Classify Brain Tumor Using Augmented MRI Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04056.pdf)
>  Automated brain tumor detection is becoming a highly considerable medical diagnosis research. In recent medical diagnoses, detection and classification are highly considered to employ machine learning and deep learning techniques. Nevertheless, the accuracy and performance of current models need to be improved for suitable treatments. In this paper, an improvement in deep convolutional learning is ensured by adopting enhanced optimization algorithms, Thus, Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) based on improved Harris Hawks Optimization (HHO), called G-HHO has been considered. This hybridization features Grey Wolf Optimization (GWO) and HHO to give better results, limiting the convergence rate and enhancing performance. Moreover, Otsu thresholding is adopted to segment the tumor portion that emphasizes brain tumor detection. Experimental studies are conducted to validate the performance of the suggested method on a total number of 2073 augmented MRI images. The technique's performance was ensured by comparing it with the nine existing algorithms on huge augmented MRI images in terms of accuracy, precision, recall, f-measure, execution time, and memory usage. The performance comparison shows that the DCNN-G-HHO is much more successful than existing methods, especially on a scoring accuracy of 97%. Additionally, the statistical performance analysis indicates that the suggested approach is faster and utilizes less memory at identifying and categorizing brain tumor cancers on the MR images. The implementation of this validation is conducted on the Python platform. The relevant codes for the proposed approach are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bryarahassan/DCNN-G-HHO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
