# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 8 Jun 2022
### 1.Detection Hub: Unifying Object Detection Datasets via Query Adaptation on Language Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03484.pdf)
>  Leveraging large-scale data can introduce performance gains on many computer vision tasks. Unfortunately, this does not happen in object detection when training a single model under multiple datasets together. We observe two main obstacles: taxonomy difference and bounding box annotation inconsistency, which introduces domain gaps in different datasets that prevents us from joint training. In this paper, we show that these two challenges can be effectively addressed by simply adapting object queries on language embedding of categories per dataset. We design a detection hub to dynamically adapt queries on category embedding based on the different distributions of datasets. Unlike previous methods attempted to learn a joint embedding for all datasets, our adaptation method can utilize the language embedding as semantic centers for common categories, while learning the semantic bias towards specific categories belonging to different datasets to handle annotation differences and make up the domain gaps. These novel improvements enable us to end-to-end train a single detector on multiple datasets simultaneously to fully take their advantages. Further experiments on joint training on multiple datasets demonstrate the significant performance gains over separate individual fine-tuned detectors.      
### 2.SHRED: 3D Shape Region Decomposition with Learned Local Operations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03480.pdf)
>  We present SHRED, a method for 3D SHape REgion Decomposition. SHRED takes a 3D point cloud as input and uses learned local operations to produce a segmentation that approximates fine-grained part instances. We endow SHRED with three decomposition operations: splitting regions, fixing the boundaries between regions, and merging regions together. Modules are trained independently and locally, allowing SHRED to generate high-quality segmentations for categories not seen during training. We train and evaluate SHRED with fine-grained segmentations from PartNet; using its merge-threshold hyperparameter, we show that SHRED produces segmentations that better respect ground-truth annotations compared with baseline methods, at any desired decomposition granularity. Finally, we demonstrate that SHRED is useful for downstream applications, out-performing all baselines on zero-shot fine-grained part instance segmentation and few-shot fine-grained semantic segmentation when combined with methods that learn to label shape regions.      
### 3.Fast Unsupervised Brain Anomaly Detection and Segmentation with Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03461.pdf)
>  Deep generative models have emerged as promising tools for detecting arbitrary anomalies in data, dispensing with the necessity for manual labelling. Recently, autoregressive transformers have achieved state-of-the-art performance for anomaly detection in medical imaging. Nonetheless, these models still have some intrinsic weaknesses, such as requiring images to be modelled as 1D sequences, the accumulation of errors during the sampling process, and the significant inference times associated with transformers. Denoising diffusion probabilistic models are a class of non-autoregressive generative models recently shown to produce excellent samples in computer vision (surpassing Generative Adversarial Networks), and to achieve log-likelihoods that are competitive with transformers while having fast inference times. Diffusion models can be applied to the latent representations learnt by autoencoders, making them easily scalable and great candidates for application to high dimensional data, such as medical images. Here, we propose a method based on diffusion models to detect and segment anomalies in brain imaging. By training the models on healthy data and then exploring its diffusion and reverse steps across its Markov chain, we can identify anomalous areas in the latent space and hence identify anomalies in the pixel space. Our diffusion models achieve competitive performance compared with autoregressive approaches across a series of experiments with 2D CT and MRI data involving synthetic and real pathological lesions with much reduced inference times, making their usage clinically viable.      
### 4.Can CNNs Be More Robust Than Transformers?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03452.pdf)
>  The recent success of Vision Transformers is shaking the long dominance of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) in image recognition for a decade. Specifically, in terms of robustness on out-of-distribution samples, recent research finds that Transformers are inherently more robust than CNNs, regardless of different training setups. Moreover, it is believed that such superiority of Transformers should largely be credited to their self-attention-like architectures per se. In this paper, we question that belief by closely examining the design of Transformers. Our findings lead to three highly effective architecture designs for boosting robustness, yet simple enough to be implemented in several lines of code, namely a) patchifying input images, b) enlarging kernel size, and c) reducing activation layers and normalization layers. Bringing these components together, we are able to build pure CNN architectures without any attention-like operations that is as robust as, or even more robust than, Transformers. We hope this work can help the community better understand the design of robust neural architectures. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UCSC-VLAA/RobustCNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Self-supervised Domain Adaptation in Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03431.pdf)
>  Self-training crowd counting has not been attentively explored though it is one of the important challenges in computer vision. In practice, the fully supervised methods usually require an intensive resource of manual annotation. In order to address this challenge, this work introduces a new approach to utilize existing datasets with ground truth to produce more robust predictions on unlabeled datasets, named domain adaptation, in crowd counting. While the network is trained with labeled data, samples without labels from the target domain are also added to the training process. In this process, the entropy map is computed and minimized in addition to the adversarial training process designed in parallel. Experiments on Shanghaitech, UCF_CC_50, and UCF-QNRF datasets prove a more generalized improvement of our method over the other state-of-the-arts in the cross-domain setting.      
### 6.Generating Long Videos of Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03429.pdf)
>  We present a video generation model that accurately reproduces object motion, changes in camera viewpoint, and new content that arises over time. Existing video generation methods often fail to produce new content as a function of time while maintaining consistencies expected in real environments, such as plausible dynamics and object persistence. A common failure case is for content to never change due to over-reliance on inductive biases to provide temporal consistency, such as a single latent code that dictates content for the entire video. On the other extreme, without long-term consistency, generated videos may morph unrealistically between different scenes. To address these limitations, we prioritize the time axis by redesigning the temporal latent representation and learning long-term consistency from data by training on longer videos. To this end, we leverage a two-phase training strategy, where we separately train using longer videos at a low resolution and shorter videos at a high resolution. To evaluate the capabilities of our model, we introduce two new benchmark datasets with explicit focus on long-term temporal dynamics.      
### 7.Revealing Single Frame Bias for Video-and-Language Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03428.pdf)
>  Training an effective video-and-language model intuitively requires multiple frames as model inputs. However, it is unclear whether using multiple frames is beneficial to downstream tasks, and if yes, whether the performance gain is worth the drastically-increased computation and memory costs resulting from using more frames. In this work, we explore single-frame models for video-and-language learning. On a diverse set of video-and-language tasks (including text-to-video retrieval and video question answering), we show the surprising result that, with large-scale pre-training and a proper frame ensemble strategy at inference time, a single-frame trained model that does not consider temporal information can achieve better performance than existing methods that use multiple frames for training. This result reveals the existence of a strong "static appearance bias" in popular video-and-language datasets. Therefore, to allow for a more comprehensive evaluation of video-and-language models, we propose two new retrieval tasks based on existing fine-grained action recognition datasets that encourage temporal modeling. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jayleicn/singularity" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.Fast and Robust Non-Rigid Registration Using Accelerated Majorization-Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03410.pdf)
>  Non-rigid registration, which deforms a source shape in a non-rigid way to align with a target shape, is a classical problem in computer vision. Such problems can be challenging because of imperfect data (noise, outliers and partial overlap) and high degrees of freedom. Existing methods typically adopt the $\ell_{p}$ type robust norm to measure the alignment error and regularize the smoothness of deformation, and use a proximal algorithm to solve the resulting non-smooth optimization problem. However, the slow convergence of such algorithms limits their wide applications. In this paper, we propose a formulation for robust non-rigid registration based on a globally smooth robust norm for alignment and regularization, which can effectively handle outliers and partial overlaps. The problem is solved using the majorization-minimization algorithm, which reduces each iteration to a convex quadratic problem with a closed-form solution. We further apply Anderson acceleration to speed up the convergence of the solver, enabling the solver to run efficiently on devices with limited compute capability. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method for non-rigid alignment between two shapes with outliers and partial overlaps, with quantitative evaluation showing that it outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of registration accuracy and computational speed. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yaoyx689/AMM_NRR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Garment Avatars: Realistic Cloth Driving using Pattern Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03373.pdf)
>  Virtual telepresence is the future of online communication. Clothing is an essential part of a person's identity and self-expression. Yet, ground truth data of registered clothes is currently unavailable in the required resolution and accuracy for training telepresence models for realistic cloth animation. Here, we propose an end-to-end pipeline for building drivable representations for clothing. The core of our approach is a multi-view patterned cloth tracking algorithm capable of capturing deformations with high accuracy. We further rely on the high-quality data produced by our tracking method to build a Garment Avatar: an expressive and fully-drivable geometry model for a piece of clothing. The resulting model can be animated using a sparse set of views and produces highly realistic reconstructions which are faithful to the driving signals. We demonstrate the efficacy of our pipeline on a realistic virtual telepresence application, where a garment is being reconstructed from two views, and a user can pick and swap garment design as they wish. In addition, we show a challenging scenario when driven exclusively with body pose, our drivable garment avatar is capable of producing realistic cloth geometry of significantly higher quality than the state-of-the-art.      
### 10.IL-MCAM: An interactive learning and multi-channel attention mechanism-based weakly supervised colorectal histopathology image classification approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03368.pdf)
>  In recent years, colorectal cancer has become one of the most significant diseases that endanger human health. Deep learning methods are increasingly important for the classification of colorectal histopathology images. However, existing approaches focus more on end-to-end automatic classification using computers rather than human-computer interaction. In this paper, we propose an IL-MCAM framework. It is based on attention mechanisms and interactive learning. The proposed IL-MCAM framework includes two stages: automatic learning (AL) and interactivity learning (IL). In the AL stage, a multi-channel attention mechanism model containing three different attention mechanism channels and convolutional neural networks is used to extract multi-channel features for classification. In the IL stage, the proposed IL-MCAM framework continuously adds misclassified images to the training set in an interactive approach, which improves the classification ability of the MCAM model. We carried out a comparison experiment on our dataset and an extended experiment on the HE-NCT-CRC-100K dataset to verify the performance of the proposed IL-MCAM framework, achieving classification accuracies of 98.98% and 99.77%, respectively. In addition, we conducted an ablation experiment and an interchangeability experiment to verify the ability and interchangeability of the three channels. The experimental results show that the proposed IL-MCAM framework has excellent performance in the colorectal histopathological image classification tasks.      
### 11.Localizing Semantic Patches for Accelerating Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03367.pdf)
>  Existing works often focus on reducing the architecture redundancy for accelerating image classification but ignore the spatial redundancy of the input image. This paper proposes an efficient image classification pipeline to solve this problem. We first pinpoint task-aware regions over the input image by a lightweight patch proposal network called AnchorNet. We then feed these localized semantic patches with much smaller spatial redundancy into a general classification network. Unlike the popular design of deep CNN, we aim to carefully design the Receptive Field of AnchorNet without intermediate convolutional paddings. This ensures the exact mapping from a high-level spatial location to the specific input image patch. The contribution of each patch is interpretable. Moreover, AnchorNet is compatible with any downstream architecture. Experimental results on ImageNet show that our method outperforms SOTA dynamic inference methods with fewer inference costs. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/winycg/AnchorNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Hierarchical Similarity Learning for Aliasing Suppression Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03361.pdf)
>  As a highly ill-posed issue, single image super-resolution (SISR) has been widely investigated in recent years. The main task of SISR is to recover the information loss caused by the degradation procedure. According to the Nyquist sampling theory, the degradation leads to aliasing effect and makes it hard to restore the correct textures from low-resolution (LR) images. In practice, there are correlations and self-similarities among the adjacent patches in the natural images. This paper considers the self-similarity and proposes a hierarchical image super-resolution network (HSRNet) to suppress the influence of aliasing. We consider the SISR issue in the optimization perspective, and propose an iterative solution pattern based on the half-quadratic splitting (HQS) method. To explore the texture with local image prior, we design a hierarchical exploration block (HEB) and progressive increase the receptive field. Furthermore, multi-level spatial attention (MSA) is devised to obtain the relations of adjacent feature and enhance the high-frequency information, which acts as a crucial role for visual experience. Experimental result shows HSRNet achieves better quantitative and visual performance than other works, and remits the aliasing more effectively.      
### 13.NeMF: Neural Motion Fields for Kinematic Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03287.pdf)
>  We present an implicit neural representation to learn the spatio-temporal space of kinematic motions. Unlike previous work that represents motion as discrete sequential samples, we propose to express the vast motion space as a continuous function over time, hence the name Neural Motion Fields (NeMF). Specifically, we use a neural network to learn this function for miscellaneous sets of motions, which is designed to be a generative model conditioned on a temporal coordinate $t$ and a random vector $z$ for controlling the style. The model is then trained as a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) with motion encoders to sample the latent space. We train our model with diverse human motion dataset and quadruped dataset to prove its versatility, and finally deploy it as a generic motion prior to solve task-agnostic problems and show its superiority in different motion generation and editing applications, such as motion interpolation, in-betweening, and re-navigating.      
### 14.Deep Neural Patchworks: Coping with Large Segmentation Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03210.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are the way to solve arbitrary image segmentation tasks. However, when images are large, memory demands often exceed the available resources, in particular on a common GPU. Especially in biomedical imaging, where 3D images are common, the problems are apparent. A typical approach to solve this limitation is to break the task into smaller subtasks by dividing images into smaller image patches. Another approach, if applicable, is to look at the 2D image sections separately, and to solve the problem in 2D. Often, the loss of global context makes such approaches less effective; important global information might not be present in the current image patch, or the selected 2D image section. Here, we propose Deep Neural Patchworks (DNP), a segmentation framework that is based on hierarchical and nested stacking of patch-based networks that solves the dilemma between global context and memory limitations.      
### 15.Omnivision forecasting: combining satellite observations with sky images for improved intra-hour solar energy predictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03207.pdf)
>  Integration of intermittent renewable energy sources into electric grids in large proportions is challenging. A well-established approach aimed at addressing this difficulty involves the anticipation of the upcoming energy supply variability to adapt the response of the grid. In solar energy, short-term changes in electricity production caused by occluding clouds can be predicted at different time scales from all-sky cameras (up to 30-min ahead) and satellite observations (up to 6h ahead). In this study, we integrate these two complementary points of view on the cloud cover in a single machine learning framework to improve intra-hour (up to 60-min ahead) irradiance forecasting. Both deterministic and probabilistic predictions are evaluated in different weather conditions (clear-sky, cloudy, overcast) and with different input configurations (sky images, satellite observations and/or past irradiance values). Our results show that the hybrid model benefits predictions in clear-sky conditions and improves longer-term forecasting. This study lays the groundwork for future novel approaches of combining sky images and satellite observations in a single learning framework to advance solar nowcasting.      
### 16.Improving Image Captioning with Control Signal of Sentence Quality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03196.pdf)
>  In the dataset of image captioning, each image is aligned with several captions. Despite the fact that the quality of these descriptions varies, existing captioning models treat them equally in the training process. In this paper, we propose a new control signal of sentence quality, which is taken as an additional input to the captioning model. By integrating the control signal information, captioning models are aware of the quality level of the target sentences and handle them differently. Moreover, we propose a novel reinforcement training method specially designed for the control signal of sentence quality: Quality-oriented Self-Annotated Training (Q-SAT). Equipped with R-Drop strategy, models controlled by the highest quality level surpass baseline models a lot on accuracy-based evaluation metrics, which validates the effectiveness of our proposed methods.      
### 17.Utility of Equivariant Message Passing in Cortical Mesh Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03164.pdf)
>  The automated segmentation of cortical areas has been a long-standing challenge in medical image analysis. The complex geometry of the cortex is commonly represented as a polygon mesh, whose segmentation can be addressed by graph-based learning methods. When cortical meshes are misaligned across subjects, current methods produce significantly worse segmentation results, limiting their ability to handle multi-domain data. In this paper, we investigate the utility of E(n)-equivariant graph neural networks (EGNNs), comparing their performance against plain graph neural networks (GNNs). Our evaluation shows that GNNs outperform EGNNs on aligned meshes, due to their ability to leverage the presence of a global coordinate system. On misaligned meshes, the performance of plain GNNs drop considerably, while E(n)-equivariant message passing maintains the same segmentation results. The best results can also be obtained by using plain GNNs on realigned data (co-registered meshes in a global coordinate system).      
### 18.Self-Training of Handwritten Word Recognition for Synthetic-to-Real Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03149.pdf)
>  Performances of Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR) models are largely determined by the availability of labeled and representative training samples. However, in many application scenarios labeled samples are scarce or costly to obtain. In this work, we propose a self-training approach to train a HTR model solely on synthetic samples and unlabeled data. The proposed training scheme uses an initial model trained on synthetic data to make predictions for the unlabeled target dataset. Starting from this initial model with rather poor performance, we show that a considerable adaptation is possible by training against the predicted pseudo-labels. Moreover, the investigated self-training strategy does not require any manually annotated training samples. We evaluate the proposed method on four widely used benchmark datasets and show its effectiveness on closing the gap to a model trained in a fully-supervised manner.      
### 19.Wavelet Prior Attention Learning in Axial Inpainting Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03113.pdf)
>  Image inpainting is the task of filling masked or unknown regions of an image with visually realistic contents, which has been remarkably improved by Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) recently. Essentially, as an inverse problem, the inpainting has the underlying challenges of reconstructing semantically coherent results without texture artifacts. Many previous efforts have been made via exploiting attention mechanisms and prior knowledge, such as edges and semantic segmentation. However, these works are still limited in practice by an avalanche of learnable prior parameters and prohibitive computational burden. To this end, we propose a novel model -- Wavelet prior attention learning in Axial Inpainting Network (WAIN), whose generator contains the encoder, decoder, as well as two key components of Wavelet image Prior Attention (WPA) and stacked multi-layer Axial-Transformers (ATs). Particularly, the WPA guides the high-level feature aggregation in the multi-scale frequency domain, alleviating the textual artifacts. Stacked ATs employ unmasked clues to help model reasonable features along with low-level features of horizontal and vertical axes, improving the semantic coherence. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments on Celeba-HQ and Places2 datasets are conducted to validate that our WAIN can achieve state-of-the-art performance over the competitors. The codes and models will be released.      
### 20.MIRNF: Medical Image Registration via Neural Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03111.pdf)
>  Image registration is widely used in medical image analysis to provide spatial correspondences between two images. Recently learning-based methods utilizing convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been proposed for solving image registration problems. The learning-based methods tend to be much faster than traditional optimization-based methods, but the accuracy improvements gained from the complex CNN-based methods are modest. Here we introduce a new deep-neural net-based image registration framework, named \textbf{MIRNF}, which represents the correspondence mapping with a continuous function implemented via Neural Fields. MIRNF outputs either a deformation vector or velocity vector given a 3D coordinate as input. To ensure the mapping is diffeomorphic, the velocity vector output from MIRNF is integrated using the Neural ODE solver to derive the correspondences between two images. Furthermore, we propose a hybrid coordinate sampler along with a cascaded architecture to achieve the high-similarity mapping performance and low-distortion deformation fields. We conduct experiments on two 3D MR brain scan datasets, showing that our proposed framework provides state-of-art registration performance while maintaining comparable optimization time.      
### 21.Dual Swin-Transformer based Mutual Interactive Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03105.pdf)
>  Salient Object Detection is the task of predicting the human attended region in a given scene. Fusing depth information has been proven effective in this task. The main challenge of this problem is how to aggregate the complementary information from RGB modality and depth modality. However, conventional deep models heavily rely on CNN feature extractors, and the long-range contextual dependencies are usually ignored. In this work, we propose Dual Swin-Transformer based Mutual Interactive Network. We adopt Swin-Transformer as the feature extractor for both RGB and depth modality to model the long-range dependencies in visual inputs. Before fusing the two branches of features into one, attention-based modules are applied to enhance features from each modality. We design a self-attention-based cross-modality interaction module and a gated modality attention module to leverage the complementary information between the two modalities. For the saliency decoding, we create different stages enhanced with dense connections and keep a decoding memory while the multi-level encoding features are considered simultaneously. Considering the inaccurate depth map issue, we collect the RGB features of early stages into a skip convolution module to give more guidance from RGB modality to the final saliency prediction. In addition, we add edge supervision to regularize the feature learning process. Comprehensive experiments on five standard RGB-D SOD benchmark datasets over four evaluation metrics demonstrate the superiority of the proposed DTMINet method.      
### 22.Critical Regularizations for Neural Surface Reconstruction in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03087.pdf)
>  Neural implicit functions have recently shown promising results on surface reconstructions from multiple views. However, current methods still suffer from excessive time complexity and poor robustness when reconstructing unbounded or complex scenes. In this paper, we present RegSDF, which shows that proper point cloud supervisions and geometry regularizations are sufficient to produce high-quality and robust reconstruction results. Specifically, RegSDF takes an additional oriented point cloud as input, and optimizes a signed distance field and a surface light field within a differentiable rendering framework. We also introduce the two critical regularizations for this optimization. The first one is the Hessian regularization that smoothly diffuses the signed distance values to the entire distance field given noisy and incomplete input. And the second one is the minimal surface regularization that compactly interpolates and extrapolates the missing geometry. Extensive experiments are conducted on DTU, BlendedMVS, and Tanks and Temples datasets. Compared with recent neural surface reconstruction approaches, RegSDF is able to reconstruct surfaces with fine details even for open scenes with complex topologies and unstructured camera trajectories.      
### 23.Online Deep Clustering with Video Track Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03086.pdf)
>  Several unsupervised and self-supervised approaches have been developed in recent years to learn visual features from large-scale unlabeled datasets. Their main drawback however is that these methods are hardly able to recognize visual features of the same object if it is simply rotated or the perspective of the camera changes. To overcome this limitation and at the same time exploit a useful source of supervision, we take into account video object tracks. Following the intuition that two patches in a track should have similar visual representations in a learned feature space, we adopt an unsupervised clustering-based approach and constrain such representations to be labeled as the same category since they likely belong to the same object or object part. Experimental results on two downstream tasks on different datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our Online Deep Clustering with Video Track Consistency (ODCT) approach compared to prior work, which did not leverage temporal information. In addition we show that exploiting an unsupervised class-agnostic, yet noisy, track generator yields to better accuracy compared to relying on costly and precise track annotations.      
### 24.Minimum Efforts to Build an End-to-End Spatial-Temporal Action Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03064.pdf)
>  Spatial-temporal action detection is a vital part of video understanding. Current spatial-temporal action detection methods will first use an object detector to obtain person candidate proposals. Then, the model will classify the person candidates into different action categories. So-called two-stage methods are heavy and hard to apply in real-world applications. Some existing methods use a unified model structure, But they perform badly with the vanilla model and often need extra modules to boost the performance. In this paper, we explore the strategy to build an end-to-end spatial-temporal action detector with minimal modifications. To this end, we propose a new method named ME-STAD, which solves the spatial-temporal action detection problem in an end-to-end manner. Besides the model design, we propose a novel labeling strategy to deal with sparse annotations in spatial-temporal datasets. The proposed ME-STAD achieves better results (2.2% mAP boost) than original two-stage detectors and around 80% FLOPs reduction. Moreover, our proposed ME-STAD only has minimum modifications with previous methods and does not require extra components. Our code will be made public.      
### 25.Object Scan Context: Object-centric Spatial Descriptor for Place Recognition within 3D Point Cloud Map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03062.pdf)
>  Place recognition technology endows a SLAM algorithm with the ability to eliminate accumulated errors and to relocalize itself. Existing methods on point cloud-based place recognition often leverage the matching of global descriptors which are lidar-centric. These methods have the following two major defects: place recognition cannot be performed when the distance between the two point clouds is far, and only the rotation angle can be calculated without the offset in the X and Y direction. To solve these two problems, we propose a novel global descriptor, which is built around the Main Object, in this way, descriptors are no longer dependent on the observation position. We analyze the theory that this method can perfectly solve the above two problems, and conduct a lot of experiments in KITTI and some extreme scenarios, which show that our method has obvious advantages over traditional methods.      
### 26.Spatial Parsing and Dynamic Temporal Pooling networks for Human-Object Interaction detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03061.pdf)
>  The key of Human-Object Interaction(HOI) recognition is to infer the relationship between human and objects. Recently, the image's Human-Object Interaction(HOI) detection has made significant progress. However, there is still room for improvement in video HOI detection performance. Existing one-stage methods use well-designed end-to-end networks to detect a video segment and directly predict an interaction. <br>It makes the model learning and further optimization of the network more complex. This paper introduces the Spatial Parsing and Dynamic Temporal Pooling (SPDTP) network, which takes the entire video as a spatio-temporal graph with human and object nodes as input. Unlike existing methods, our proposed network predicts the difference between interactive and non-interactive pairs through explicit spatial parsing, and then performs interaction recognition. Moreover, we propose a learnable and differentiable Dynamic Temporal Module(DTM) to emphasize the keyframes of the video and suppress the redundant frame. Furthermore, the experimental results show that SPDTP can pay more attention to active human-object pairs and valid keyframes. Overall, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on CAD-120 dataset and Something-Else dataset.      
### 27.Layered Depth Refinement with Mask Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03048.pdf)
>  Depth maps are used in a wide range of applications from 3D rendering to 2D image effects such as Bokeh. However, those predicted by single image depth estimation (SIDE) models often fail to capture isolated holes in objects and/or have inaccurate boundary regions. Meanwhile, high-quality masks are much easier to obtain, using commercial auto-masking tools or off-the-shelf methods of segmentation and matting or even by manual editing. Hence, in this paper, we formulate a novel problem of mask-guided depth refinement that utilizes a generic mask to refine the depth prediction of SIDE models. Our framework performs layered refinement and inpainting/outpainting, decomposing the depth map into two separate layers signified by the mask and the inverse mask. As datasets with both depth and mask annotations are scarce, we propose a self-supervised learning scheme that uses arbitrary masks and RGB-D datasets. We empirically show that our method is robust to different types of masks and initial depth predictions, accurately refining depth values in inner and outer mask boundary regions. We further analyze our model with an ablation study and demonstrate results on real applications. More information can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sooyekim.github.io/MaskDepth/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 28.Deep Learning Techniques for Visual Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03033.pdf)
>  In this dissertation, we investigated and enhanced Deep Learning (DL) techniques for counting objects, like pedestrians, cells or vehicles, in still images or video frames. In particular, we tackled the challenge related to the lack of data needed for training current DL-based solutions. Given that the budget for labeling is limited, data scarcity still represents an open problem that prevents the scalability of existing solutions based on the supervised learning of neural networks and that is responsible for a significant drop in performance at inference time when new scenarios are presented to these algorithms. We introduced solutions addressing this issue from several complementary sides, collecting datasets gathered from virtual environments automatically labeled, proposing Domain Adaptation strategies aiming at mitigating the domain gap existing between the training and test data distributions, and presenting a counting strategy in a weakly labeled data scenario, i.e., in the presence of non-negligible disagreement between multiple annotators. Moreover, we tackled the non-trivial engineering challenges coming out of the adoption of Convolutional Neural Network-based techniques in environments with limited power resources, introducing solutions for counting vehicles and pedestrians directly onboard embedded vision systems, i.e., devices equipped with constrained computational capabilities that can capture images and elaborate them.      
### 29.Development of Automatic Endotracheal Tube and Carina Detection on Portable Supine Chest Radiographs using Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03017.pdf)
>  The image quality of portable supine chest radiographs is inherently poor due to low contrast and high noise. The endotracheal intubation detection requires the locations of the endotracheal tube (ETT) tip and carina. The goal is to find the distance between the ETT tip and the carina in chest radiography. To overcome such a problem, we propose a feature extraction method with Mask R-CNN. The Mask R-CNN predicts a tube and a tracheal bifurcation in an image. Then, the feature extraction method is used to find the feature point of the ETT tip and that of the carina. Therefore, the ETT-carina distance can be obtained. In our experiments, our results can exceed 96\% in terms of recall and precision. Moreover, the object error is less than $4.7751\pm 5.3420$ mm, and the ETT-carina distance errors are less than $5.5432\pm 6.3100$ mm. The external validation shows that the proposed method is a high-robustness system. According to the Pearson correlation coefficient, we have a strong correlation between the board-certified intensivists and our result in terms of ETT-carina distance.      
### 30.The Devil is in the Labels: Noisy Label Correction for Robust Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03014.pdf)
>  Unbiased SGG has achieved significant progress over recent years. However, almost all existing SGG models have overlooked the ground-truth annotation qualities of prevailing SGG datasets, i.e., they always assume: 1) all the manually annotated positive samples are equally correct; 2) all the un-annotated negative samples are absolutely background. In this paper, we argue that both assumptions are inapplicable to SGG: there are numerous "noisy" groundtruth predicate labels that break these two assumptions, and these noisy samples actually harm the training of unbiased SGG models. To this end, we propose a novel model-agnostic NoIsy label CorrEction strategy for SGG: NICE. NICE can not only detect noisy samples but also reassign more high-quality predicate labels to them. After the NICE training, we can obtain a cleaner version of SGG dataset for model training. Specifically, NICE consists of three components: negative Noisy Sample Detection (Neg-NSD), positive NSD (Pos-NSD), and Noisy Sample Correction (NSC). Firstly, in Neg-NSD, we formulate this task as an out-of-distribution detection problem, and assign pseudo labels to all detected noisy negative samples. Then, in Pos-NSD, we use a clustering-based algorithm to divide all positive samples into multiple sets, and treat the samples in the noisiest set as noisy positive samples. Lastly, in NSC, we use a simple but effective weighted KNN to reassign new predicate labels to noisy positive samples. Extensive results on different backbones and tasks have attested to the effectiveness and generalization abilities of each component of NICE.      
### 31.TriBYOL: Triplet BYOL for Self-Supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03012.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel self-supervised learning method for learning better representations with small batch sizes. Many self-supervised learning methods based on certain forms of the siamese network have emerged and received significant attention. However, these methods need to use large batch sizes to learn good representations and require heavy computational resources. We present a new triplet network combined with a triple-view loss to improve the performance of self-supervised representation learning with small batch sizes. Experimental results show that our method can drastically outperform state-of-the-art self-supervised learning methods on several datasets in small-batch cases. Our method provides a feasible solution for self-supervised learning with real-world high-resolution images that uses small batch sizes.      
### 32.MS-RNN: A Flexible Multi-Scale Framework for Spatiotemporal Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03010.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal predictive learning is to predict future frames changes through historical prior knowledge. Previous work improves prediction performance by making the network wider and deeper, but this also brings huge memory overhead, which seriously hinders the development and application of the technology. Scale is another dimension to improve model performance in common computer vision task, which can decrease the computing requirements and better sense of context. Such an important improvement point has not been considered and explored by recent RNN models. In this paper, learning from the benefit of multi-scale, we propose a general framework named Multi-Scale RNN (MS-RNN) to boost recent RNN models. We verify the MS-RNN framework by exhaustive experiments on 4 different datasets (Moving MNIST, KTH, TaxiBJ, and HKO-7) and multiple popular RNN models (ConvLSTM, TrajGRU, PredRNN, PredRNN++, MIM, and MotionRNN). The results show the efficiency that the RNN models incorporating our framework have much lower memory cost but better performance than before. Our code is released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mazhf/MS-RNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 33.PP-OCRv3: More Attempts for the Improvement of Ultra Lightweight OCR System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03001.pdf)
>  Optical character recognition (OCR) technology has been widely used in various scenes, as shown in Figure 1. Designing a practical OCR system is still a meaningful but challenging task. In previous work, considering the efficiency and accuracy, we proposed a practical ultra lightweight OCR system (PP-OCR), and an optimized version PP-OCRv2. In order to further improve the performance of PP-OCRv2, a more robust OCR system PP-OCRv3 is proposed in this paper. PP-OCRv3 upgrades the text detection model and text recognition model in 9 aspects based on PP-OCRv2. For text detector, we introduce a PAN module with large receptive field named LK-PAN, a FPN module with residual attention mechanism named RSE-FPN, and DML distillation strategy. For text recognizer, the base model is replaced from CRNN to SVTR, and we introduce lightweight text recognition network SVTR LCNet, guided training of CTC by attention, data augmentation strategy TextConAug, better pre-trained model by self-supervised TextRotNet, UDML, and UIM to accelerate the model and improve the effect. Experiments on real data show that the hmean of PP-OCRv3 is 5% higher than PP-OCRv2 under comparable inference speed. All the above mentioned models are open-sourced and the code is available in the GitHub repository PaddleOCR which is powered by PaddlePaddle.      
### 34.TadML: A fast temporal action detection with Mechanics-MLP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02997.pdf)
>  Temporal Action Detection(TAD) is a crucial but challenging task in video <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://understanding.It" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> is aimed at detecting both the type and start-end frame for each action instance in a long, untrimmed video.Most current models adopt both RGB and Optical-Flow streams for the TAD task. Thus, original RGB frames must be converted manually into Optical-Flow frames with additional computation and time cost, which is an obstacle to achieve real-time processing. At present, many models adopt two-stage strategies, which would slow the inference speed down and complicatedly tuning on proposals <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://generating.By" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> comparison, we propose a one-stage anchor-free temporal localization method with RGB stream only, in which a novel Newtonian \emph{Mechanics-MLP} architecture is established. It has comparable accuracy with all existing state-of-the-art models, while surpasses the inference speed of these methods by a large margin. The typical inference speed in this paper is astounding 4.44 video per second on THUMOS14. In applications, because there is no need to convert optical flow, the inference speed will be <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://faster.It" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> also proves that \emph{MLP} has great potential in downstream tasks such as TAD. The source code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BonedDeng/TadML" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 35.Structured Context Transformer for Generic Event Boundary Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02985.pdf)
>  Generic Event Boundary Detection (GEBD) aims to detect moments where humans naturally perceive as event boundaries. In this paper, we present Structured Context Transformer (or SC-Transformer) to solve the GEBD task, which can be trained in an end-to-end fashion. Specifically, we use the backbone convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract the features of each video frame. To capture temporal context information of each frame, we design the structure context transformer (SC-Transformer) by re-partitioning input frame sequence. Note that, the overall computation complexity of SC-Transformer is linear to the video length. After that, the group similarities are computed to capture the differences between frames. Then, a lightweight fully convolutional network is used to determine the event boundaries based on the grouped similarity maps. To remedy the ambiguities of boundary annotations, the Gaussian kernel is adopted to preprocess the ground-truth event boundaries to further boost the accuracy. Extensive experiments conducted on the challenging Kinetics-GEBD and TAPOS datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 36.DETR++: Taming Your Multi-Scale Detection Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02977.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have dominated the field of detection ever since the success of AlexNet in ImageNet classification [12]. With the sweeping reform of Transformers [27] in natural language processing, Carion et al. [2] introduce the Transformer-based detection method, i.e., DETR. However, due to the quadratic complexity in the self-attention mechanism in the Transformer, DETR is never able to incorporate multi-scale features as performed in existing CNN-based detectors, leading to inferior results in small object detection. To mitigate this issue and further improve performance of DETR, in this work, we investigate different methods to incorporate multi-scale features and find that a Bi-directional Feature Pyramid (BiFPN) works best with DETR in further raising the detection precision. With this discovery, we propose DETR++, a new architecture that improves detection results by 1.9% AP on MS COCO 2017, 11.5% AP on RICO icon detection, and 9.1% AP on RICO layout extraction over existing baselines.      
### 37.Masked Unsupervised Self-training for Zero-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02967.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art computer vision models are mostly trained with supervised learning using human-labeled images, which limits their scalability due to the expensive annotation cost. While self-supervised representation learning has achieved impressive progress, it still requires a second stage of finetuning on labeled data. On the other hand, models pre-trained with large-scale text-image supervision (e.g., CLIP) have enabled zero-shot transfer to downstream image classification tasks. However, the zero-shot performance of CLIP-like models are often insufficient for real-world adoption. In this paper, we aim to leverage the abundant unlabeled data to improve the performance of a pre-trained zero-shot classifier on downstream tasks. We propose Masked Unsupervised Self-Training (MUST), a new approach which leverages two different and complimentary sources of supervision: pseudo-labels and raw images. MUST jointly optimizes three objectives to learn both class-level global feature and pixel-level local feature and enforces a regularization between the two. We demonstrate the efficacy of MUST on 8 downstream tasks across a variety of domains, where it improves upon CLIP by a large margin and narrows the performance gap between unsupervised and supervised classification. For instance, MUST achieves a zero-shot top-1 accuracy of 77.7% on ImageNet using ViT-B, +9.4% higher than CLIP. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/salesforce/MUST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Learning Treatment Plan Representations for Content Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02912.pdf)
>  Objective: Knowledge based planning (KBP) typically involves training an end-to-end deep learning model to predict dose distributions. However, training end-to-end KBP methods may be associated with practical limitations due to the limited size of medical datasets that are often used. To address these limitations, we propose a content based image retrieval (CBIR) method for retrieving dose distributions of previously planned patients based on anatomical similarity. Approach: Our proposed CBIR method trains a representation model that produces latent space embeddings of a patient's anatomical information. The latent space embeddings of new patients are then compared against those of previous patients in a database for image retrieval of dose distributions. Summary metrics (e.g. dose-volume histogram, conformity index, homogeneity index, etc.) are computed and can then be utilized in subsequent automated planning. All source code for this project is available on github. Main Results: The retrieval performance of various CBIR methods is evaluated on a dataset consisting of both publicly available plans and clinical plans from our institution. This study compares various encoding methods, ranging from simple autoencoders to more recent Siamese networks like SimSiam, and the best performance was observed for the multitask Siamese network. Significance: Applying CBIR to inform subsequent treatment planning potentially addresses many limitations associated with end-to-end KBP. Our current results demonstrate that excellent image retrieval performance can be obtained through slight changes to previously developed Siamese networks. We hope to integrate CBIR into automated planning workflow in future works, potentially through methods like the MetaPlanner framework.      
### 39.Polymorphic-GAN: Generating Aligned Samples across Multiple Domains with Learned Morph Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02903.pdf)
>  Modern image generative models show remarkable sample quality when trained on a single domain or class of objects. In this work, we introduce a generative adversarial network that can simultaneously generate aligned image samples from multiple related domains. We leverage the fact that a variety of object classes share common attributes, with certain geometric differences. We propose Polymorphic-GAN which learns shared features across all domains and a per-domain morph layer to morph shared features according to each domain. In contrast to previous works, our framework allows simultaneous modelling of images with highly varying geometries, such as images of human faces, painted and artistic faces, as well as multiple different animal faces. We demonstrate that our model produces aligned samples for all domains and show how it can be used for applications such as segmentation transfer and cross-domain image editing, as well as training in low-data regimes. Additionally, we apply our Polymorphic-GAN on image-to-image translation tasks and show that we can greatly surpass previous approaches in cases where the geometric differences between domains are large.      
### 40.SpikiLi: A Spiking Simulation of LiDAR based Real-time Object Detection for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02876.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks are a recent and new neural network design approach that promises tremendous improvements in power efficiency, computation efficiency, and processing latency. They do so by using asynchronous spike-based data flow, event-based signal generation, processing, and modifying the neuron model to resemble biological neurons closely. While some initial works have shown significant initial evidence of applicability to common deep learning tasks, their applications in complex real-world tasks has been relatively low. In this work, we first illustrate the applicability of spiking neural networks to a complex deep learning task namely Lidar based 3D object detection for automated driving. Secondly, we make a step-by-step demonstration of simulating spiking behavior using a pre-trained convolutional neural network. We closely model essential aspects of spiking neural networks in simulation and achieve equivalent run-time and accuracy on a GPU. When the model is realized on a neuromorphic hardware, we expect to have significantly improved power efficiency.      
### 41.Exploring the Potential of SAR Data for Cloud Removal in Optical Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02850.pdf)
>  The challenge of the cloud removal task can be alleviated with the aid of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images that can penetrate cloud cover. However, the large domain gap between optical and SAR images as well as the severe speckle noise of SAR images may cause significant interference in SAR-based cloud removal, resulting in performance degeneration. In this paper, we propose a novel global-local fusion based cloud removal (GLF-CR) algorithm to leverage the complementary information embedded in SAR images. Exploiting the power of SAR information to promote cloud removal entails two aspects. The first, global fusion, guides the relationship among all local optical windows to maintain the structure of the recovered region consistent with the remaining cloud-free regions. The second, local fusion, transfers complementary information embedded in the SAR image that corresponds to cloudy areas to generate reliable texture details of the missing regions, and uses dynamic filtering to alleviate the performance degradation caused by speckle noise. Extensive evaluation demonstrates that the proposed algorithm can yield high quality cloud-free images and performs favorably against state-of-the-art cloud removal algorithms.      
### 42.A Deeper Dive Into What Deep Spatiotemporal Networks Encode: Quantifying Static vs. Dynamic Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02846.pdf)
>  Deep spatiotemporal models are used in a variety of computer vision tasks, such as action recognition and video object segmentation. Currently, there is a limited understanding of what information is captured by these models in their intermediate representations. For example, while it has been observed that action recognition algorithms are heavily influenced by visual appearance in single static frames, there is no quantitative methodology for evaluating such static bias in the latent representation compared to bias toward dynamic information (e.g. motion). We tackle this challenge by proposing a novel approach for quantifying the static and dynamic biases of any spatiotemporal model. To show the efficacy of our approach, we analyse two widely studied tasks, action recognition and video object segmentation. Our key findings are threefold: (i) Most examined spatiotemporal models are biased toward static information; although, certain two-stream architectures with cross-connections show a better balance between the static and dynamic information captured. (ii) Some datasets that are commonly assumed to be biased toward dynamics are actually biased toward static information. (iii) Individual units (channels) in an architecture can be biased toward static, dynamic or a combination of the two.      
### 43.Robot Self-Calibration Using Actuated 3D Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03430.pdf)
>  Both, robot and hand-eye calibration haven been object to research for decades. While current approaches manage to precisely and robustly identify the parameters of a robot's kinematic model, they still rely on external devices, such as calibration objects, markers and/or external sensors. Instead of trying to fit the recorded measurements to a model of a known object, this paper treats robot calibration as an offline SLAM problem, where scanning poses are linked to a fixed point in space by a moving kinematic chain. As such, the presented framework allows robot calibration using nothing but an arbitrary eye-in-hand depth sensor, thus enabling fully autonomous self-calibration without any external tools. My new approach is utilizes a modified version of the Iterative Closest Point algorithm to run bundle adjustment on multiple 3D recordings estimating the optimal parameters of the kinematic model. A detailed evaluation of the system is shown on a real robot with various attached 3D sensors. The presented results show that the system reaches precision comparable to a dedicated external tracking system at a fraction of its cost.      
### 44.Exploring the combination of deep-learning based direct segmentation and deformable image registration for cone-beam CT based auto-segmentation for adaptive radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03413.pdf)
>  CBCT-based online adaptive radiotherapy (ART) calls for accurate auto-segmentation models to reduce the time cost for physicians to edit contours, since the patient is immobilized on the treatment table waiting for treatment to start. However, auto-segmentation of CBCT images is a difficult task, majorly due to low image quality and lack of true labels for training a deep learning (DL) model. Meanwhile CBCT auto-segmentation in ART is a unique task compared to other segmentation problems, where manual contours on planning CT (pCT) are available. To make use of this prior knowledge, we propose to combine deformable image registration (DIR) and direct segmentation (DS) on CBCT for head and neck patients. First, we use deformed pCT contours derived from multiple DIR methods between pCT and CBCT as pseudo labels for training. Second, we use deformed pCT contours as bounding box to constrain the region of interest for DS. Meanwhile deformed pCT contours are used as pseudo labels for training, but are generated from different DIR algorithms from bounding box. Third, we fine-tune the model with bounding box on true labels. We found that DS on CBCT trained with pseudo labels and without utilizing any prior knowledge has very poor segmentation performance compared to DIR-only segmentation. However, adding deformed pCT contours as bounding box in the DS network can dramatically improve segmentation performance, comparable to DIR-only segmentation. The DS model with bounding box can be further improved by fine-tuning it with some real labels. Experiments showed that 7 out of 19 structures have at least 0.2 dice similarity coefficient increase compared to DIR-only segmentation. Utilizing deformed pCT contours as pseudo labels for training and as bounding box for shape and location feature extraction in a DS model is a good way to combine DIR and DS.      
### 45.Towards a General Purpose CNN for Long Range Dependencies in $\mathrm{N}$D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03398.pdf)
>  The use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is widespread in Deep Learning due to a range of desirable model properties which result in an efficient and effective machine learning framework. However, performant CNN architectures must be tailored to specific tasks in order to incorporate considerations such as the input length, resolution, and dimentionality. In this work, we overcome the need for problem-specific CNN architectures with our Continuous Convolutional Neural Network (CCNN): a single CNN architecture equipped with continuous convolutional kernels that can be used for tasks on data of arbitrary resolution, dimensionality and length without structural changes. Continuous convolutional kernels model long range dependencies at every layer, and remove the need for downsampling layers and task-dependent depths needed in current CNN architectures. We show the generality of our approach by applying the same CCNN to a wide set of tasks on sequential (1$\mathrm{D}$) and visual data (2$\mathrm{D}$). Our CCNN performs competitively and often outperforms the current state-of-the-art across all tasks considered.      
### 46.Tutel: Adaptive Mixture-of-Experts at Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03382.pdf)
>  In recent years, Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) has emerged as a promising technique for deep learning that can scale the model capacity to trillion-plus parameters while reducing the computing cost via sparse computation. While MoE opens a new frontier of exceedingly large models, its implementation over thousands of GPUs has been limited due to mismatch between the dynamic nature of MoE and static parallelism/pipelining of the system. We present Tutel, a highly scalable stack design and implementation for MoE with dynamically adaptive parallelism and pipelining. Tutel delivers adaptive parallelism switching and adaptive pipelining at runtime, which achieves up to 1.74x and 2.00x single MoE layer speedup, respectively. We also propose a novel two-dimensional hierarchical algorithm for MoE communication speedup that outperforms the previous state-of-the-art up to 20.7x over 2,048 GPUs. Aggregating all techniques, Tutel finally delivers 4.96x and 5.75x speedup of a single MoE layer on 16 GPUs and 2,048 GPUs, respectively, over Fairseq: Meta's Facebook AI Research Sequence-to-Sequence Toolkit (Tutel is now partially adopted by Fairseq). Tutel source code is available in public: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/tutel" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . Our evaluation shows that Tutel efficiently and effectively runs a real-world MoE-based model named SwinV2-MoE, built upon Swin Transformer V2, a state-of-the-art computer vision architecture. On efficiency, Tutel accelerates SwinV2-MoE, achieving up to 1.55x and 2.11x speedup in training and inference over Fairseq, respectively. On effectiveness, the SwinV2-MoE model achieves superior accuracy in both pre-training and down-stream computer vision tasks such as COCO object detection than the counterpart dense model, indicating the readiness of Tutel for end-to-end real-world model training and inference. SwinV2-MoE is open sourced in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/Swin-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 47.Shape, Light &amp; Material Decomposition from Images using Monte Carlo Rendering and Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03380.pdf)
>  Recent advances in differentiable rendering have enabled high-quality reconstruction of 3D scenes from multi-view images. Most methods rely on simple rendering algorithms: pre-filtered direct lighting or learned representations of irradiance. We show that a more realistic shading model, incorporating ray tracing and Monte Carlo integration, substantially improves decomposition into shape, materials &amp; lighting. Unfortunately, Monte Carlo integration provides estimates with significant noise, even at large sample counts, which makes gradient-based inverse rendering very challenging. To address this, we incorporate multiple importance sampling and denoising in a novel inverse rendering pipeline. This substantially improves convergence and enables gradient-based optimization at low sample counts. We present an efficient method to jointly reconstruct geometry (explicit triangle meshes), materials, and lighting, which substantially improves material and light separation compared to previous work. We argue that denoising can become an integral part of high quality inverse rendering pipelines.      
### 48.An efficient semi-supervised quality control system trained using physics-based MRI-artefact generators and adversarial training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03359.pdf)
>  Large medical imaging data sets are becoming increasingly available. A common challenge in these data sets is to ensure that each sample meets minimum quality requirements devoid of significant artefacts. Despite a wide range of existing automatic methods having been developed to identify imperfections and artefacts in medical imaging, they mostly rely on data-hungry methods. In particular, the lack of sufficient scans with artefacts available for training has created a barrier in designing and deploying machine learning in clinical research. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel framework having four main components: (1) a set of artefact generators inspired by magnetic resonance physics to corrupt brain MRI scans and augment a training dataset, (2) a set of abstract and engineered features to represent images compactly, (3) a feature selection process that depends on the class of artefact to improve classification performance, and (4) a set of Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifiers trained to identify artefacts. Our novel contributions are threefold: first, we use the novel physics-based artefact generators to generate synthetic brain MRI scans with controlled artefacts as a data augmentation technique. This will avoid the labour-intensive collection and labelling process of scans with rare artefacts. Second, we propose a large pool of abstract and engineered image features developed to identify 9 different artefacts for structural MRI. Finally, we use an artefact-based feature selection block that, for each class of artefacts, finds the set of features that provide the best classification performance. We performed validation experiments on a large data set of scans with artificially-generated artefacts, and in a multiple sclerosis clinical trial where real artefacts were identified by experts, showing that the proposed pipeline outperforms traditional methods.      
### 49.cViL: Cross-Lingual Training of Vision-Language Models using Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03354.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language tasks are gaining popularity in the research community, but the focus is still mainly on English. We propose a pipeline that utilizes English-only vision-language models to train a monolingual model for a target language. We propose to extend OSCAR+, a model which leverages object tags as anchor points for learning image-text alignments, to train on visual question answering datasets in different languages. We propose a novel approach to knowledge distillation to train the model in other languages using parallel sentences. Compared to other models that use the target language in the pretraining corpora, we can leverage an existing English model to transfer the knowledge to the target language using significantly lesser resources. We also release a large-scale visual question answering dataset in Japanese and Hindi language. Though we restrict our work to visual question answering, our model can be extended to any sequence-level classification task, and it can be extended to other languages as well. This paper focuses on two languages for the visual question answering task - Japanese and Hindi. Our pipeline outperforms the current state-of-the-art models by a relative increase of 4.4% and 13.4% respectively in accuracy.      
### 50.Parotid Gland MRI Segmentation Based on Swin-Unet and Multimodal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03336.pdf)
>  Parotid gland tumors account for approximately 2% to 10% of head and neck tumors. Preoperative tumor localization, differential diagnosis, and subsequent selection of appropriate treatment for parotid gland tumors is critical. However, the relative rarity of these tumors and the highly dispersed tissue types have left an unmet need for a subtle differential diagnosis of such neoplastic lesions based on preoperative radiomics. Recently, deep learning methods have developed rapidly, especially Transformer beats the traditional convolutional neural network in computer vision. Many new Transformer-based networks have been proposed for computer vision tasks. In this study, multicenter multimodal parotid gland MRI images were collected. The Swin-Unet which was based on Transformer was used. MRI images of STIR, T1 and T2 modalities were combined into a three-channel data to train the network. We achieved segmentation of the region of interest for parotid gland and tumor. The DSC of the model on the test set was 88.63%, MPA was 99.31%, MIoU was 83.99%, and HD was 3.04. Then a series of comparison experiments were designed in this paper to further validate the segmentation performance of the algorithm.      
### 51.On the Effectiveness of Fine-tuning Versus Meta-reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03271.pdf)
>  Intelligent agents should have the ability to leverage knowledge from previously learned tasks in order to learn new ones quickly and efficiently. Meta-learning approaches have emerged as a popular solution to achieve this. However, meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) algorithms have thus far been restricted to simple environments with narrow task distributions. Moreover, the paradigm of pretraining followed by fine-tuning to adapt to new tasks has emerged as a simple yet effective solution in supervised and self-supervised learning. This calls into question the benefits of meta-learning approaches also in reinforcement learning, which typically come at the cost of high complexity. We hence investigate meta-RL approaches in a variety of vision-based benchmarks, including Procgen, RLBench, and Atari, where evaluations are made on completely novel tasks. Our findings show that when meta-learning approaches are evaluated on different tasks (rather than different variations of the same task), multi-task pretraining with fine-tuning on new tasks performs equally as well, or better, than meta-pretraining with meta test-time adaptation. This is encouraging for future research, as multi-task pretraining tends to be simpler and computationally cheaper than meta-RL. From these findings, we advocate for evaluating future meta-RL methods on more challenging tasks and including multi-task pretraining with fine-tuning as a simple, yet strong baseline.      
### 52.Towards better Interpretable and Generalizable AD detection using Collective Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03247.pdf)
>  Accurate diagnosis and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease are crucial for developing new therapies and reducing the associated costs. Recently, with the advances of convolutional neural networks, deep learning methods have been proposed to automate these two tasks using structural MRI. However, these methods often suffer from a lack of interpretability and generalization and have limited prognosis performance. In this paper, we propose a novel deep framework designed to overcome these limitations. Our pipeline consists of two stages. In the first stage, 125 3D U-Nets are used to estimate voxelwise grade scores over the whole brain. The resulting 3D maps are then fused to construct an interpretable 3D grading map indicating the disease severity at the structure level. As a consequence, clinicians can use this map to detect the brain structures affected by the disease. In the second stage, the grading map and subject's age are used to perform classification with a graph convolutional neural network. Experimental results based on 2106 subjects demonstrated competitive performance of our deep framework compared to state-of-the-art methods on different datasets for both AD diagnosis and prognosis. Moreover, we found that using a large number of U-Nets processing different overlapping brain areas improved the generalization capacity of the proposed methods.      
### 53.Pushing the Limits of Learning-based Traversability Analysis for Autonomous Driving on CPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03083.pdf)
>  Self-driving vehicles and autonomous ground robots require a reliable and accurate method to analyze the traversability of the surrounding environment for safe navigation. This paper proposes and evaluates a real-time machine learning-based Traversability Analysis method that combines geometric features with appearance-based features in a hybrid approach based on a SVM classifier. In particular, we show that integrating a new set of geometric and visual features and focusing on important implementation details enables a noticeable boost in performance and reliability. The proposed approach has been compared with state-of-the-art Deep Learning approaches on a public dataset of outdoor driving scenarios. It reaches an accuracy of 89.2% in scenarios of varying complexity, demonstrating its effectiveness and robustness. The method runs fully on CPU and reaches comparable results with respect to the other methods, operates faster, and requires fewer hardware resources.      
### 54.Recent Advances for Quantum Neural Networks in Generative Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03066.pdf)
>  Quantum computers are next-generation devices that hold promise to perform calculations beyond the reach of classical computers. A leading method towards achieving this goal is through quantum machine learning, especially quantum generative learning. Due to the intrinsic probabilistic nature of quantum mechanics, it is reasonable to postulate that quantum generative learning models (QGLMs) may surpass their classical counterparts. As such, QGLMs are receiving growing attention from the quantum physics and computer science communities, where various QGLMs that can be efficiently implemented on near-term quantum machines with potential computational advantages are proposed. In this paper, we review the current progress of QGLMs from the perspective of machine learning. Particularly, we interpret these QGLMs, covering quantum circuit born machines, quantum generative adversarial networks, quantum Boltzmann machines, and quantum autoencoders, as the quantum extension of classical generative learning models. In this context, we explore their intrinsic relation and their fundamental differences. We further summarize the potential applications of QGLMs in both conventional machine learning tasks and quantum physics. Last, we discuss the challenges and further research directions for QGLMs.      
### 55.Siamese Encoder-based Spatial-Temporal Mixer for Growth Trend Prediction of Lung Nodules on CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03049.pdf)
>  In the management of lung nodules, we are desirable to predict nodule evolution in terms of its diameter variation on Computed Tomography (CT) scans and then provide a follow-up recommendation according to the predicted result of the growing trend of the nodule. In order to improve the performance of growth trend prediction for lung nodules, it is vital to compare the changes of the same nodule in consecutive CT scans. Motivated by this, we screened out 4,666 subjects with more than two consecutive CT scans from the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) dataset to organize a temporal dataset called NLSTt. In specific, we first detect and pair regions of interest (ROIs) covering the same nodule based on registered CT scans. After that, we predict the texture category and diameter size of the nodules through models. Last, we annotate the evolution class of each nodule according to its changes in diameter. Based on the built NLSTt dataset, we propose a siamese encoder to simultaneously exploit the discriminative features of 3D ROIs detected from consecutive CT scans. Then we novelly design a spatial-temporal mixer (STM) to leverage the interval changes of the same nodule in sequential 3D ROIs and capture spatial dependencies of nodule regions and the current 3D ROI. According to the clinical diagnosis routine, we employ hierarchical loss to pay more attention to growing nodules. The extensive experiments on our organized dataset demonstrate the advantage of our proposed method. We also conduct experiments on an in-house dataset to evaluate the clinical utility of our method by comparing it against skilled clinicians.      
### 56.COVIDx CT-3: A Large-scale, Multinational, Open-Source Benchmark Dataset for Computer-aided COVID-19 Screening from Chest CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03043.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) has been widely explored as a COVID-19 screening and assessment tool to complement RT-PCR testing. To assist radiologists with CT-based COVID-19 screening, a number of computer-aided systems have been proposed; however, many proposed systems are built using CT data which is limited in both quantity and diversity. Motivated to support efforts in the development of machine learning-driven screening systems, we introduce COVIDx CT-3, a large-scale multinational benchmark dataset for detection of COVID-19 cases from chest CT images. COVIDx CT-3 includes 431,205 CT slices from 6,068 patients across at least 17 countries, which to the best of our knowledge represents the largest, most diverse dataset of COVID-19 CT images in open-access form. Additionally, we examine the data diversity and potential biases of the COVIDx CT-3 dataset, finding that significant geographic and class imbalances remain despite efforts to curate data from a wide variety of sources.      
### 57.Self-Knowledge Distillation based Self-Supervised Learning for Covid-19 Detection from Chest X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03009.pdf)
>  The global outbreak of the Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) has overloaded worldwide healthcare systems. Computer-aided diagnosis for COVID-19 fast detection and patient triage is becoming critical. This paper proposes a novel self-knowledge distillation based self-supervised learning method for COVID-19 detection from chest X-ray images. Our method can use self-knowledge of images based on similarities of their visual features for self-supervised learning. Experimental results show that our method achieved an HM score of 0.988, an AUC of 0.999, and an accuracy of 0.957 on the largest open COVID-19 chest X-ray dataset.      
### 58.Transformer-based Personalized Attention Mechanism (PersAM) for Medical Images with Clinical Records  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03003.pdf)
>  In medical image diagnosis, identifying the attention region, i.e., the region of interest for which the diagnosis is made, is an important task. Various methods have been developed to automatically identify target regions from given medical images. However, in actual medical practice, the diagnosis is made based not only on the images but also on a variety of clinical records. This means that pathologists examine medical images with some prior knowledge of the patients and that the attention regions may change depending on the clinical records. In this study, we propose a method called the Personalized Attention Mechanism (PersAM), by which the attention regions in medical images are adaptively changed according to the clinical records. The primary idea of the PersAM method is to encode the relationships between the medical images and clinical records using a variant of Transformer architecture. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the PersAM method, we applied it to a large-scale digital pathology problem of identifying the subtypes of 842 malignant lymphoma patients based on their gigapixel whole slide images and clinical records.      
### 59.HMRNet: High and Multi-Resolution Network with Bidirectional Feature Calibration for Brain Structure Segmentation in Radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02959.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of Anatomical brain Barriers to Cancer spread (ABCs) plays an important role for automatic delineation of Clinical Target Volume (CTV) of brain tumors in radiotherapy. Despite that variants of U-Net are state-of-the-art segmentation models, they have limited performance when dealing with ABCs structures with various shapes and sizes, especially thin structures (e.g., the falx cerebri) that span only few slices. To deal with this problem, we propose a High and Multi-Resolution Network (HMRNet) that consists of a multi-scale feature learning branch and a high-resolution branch, which can maintain the high-resolution contextual information and extract more robust representations of anatomical structures with various scales. We further design a Bidirectional Feature Calibration (BFC) block to enable the two branches to generate spatial attention maps for mutual feature calibration. Considering the different sizes and positions of ABCs structures, our network was applied after a rough localization of each structure to obtain fine segmentation results. Experiments on the MICCAI 2020 ABCs challenge dataset showed that: 1) Our proposed two-stage segmentation strategy largely outperformed methods segmenting all the structures in just one stage; 2) The proposed HMRNet with two branches can maintain high-resolution representations and is effective to improve the performance on thin structures; 3) The proposed BFC block outperformed existing attention methods using monodirectional feature calibration. Our method won the second place of ABCs 2020 challenge and has a potential for more accurate and reasonable delineation of CTV of brain tumors.      
### 60.Remember the Past: Distilling Datasets into Addressable Memories for Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02916.pdf)
>  We propose an algorithm that compresses the critical information of a large dataset into compact addressable memories. These memories can then be recalled to quickly re-train a neural network and recover the performance (instead of storing and re-training on the full original dataset). <br>Building upon the dataset distillation framework, we make a key observation that a shared common representation allows for more efficient and effective distillation. Concretely, we learn a set of bases (aka "memories") which are shared between classes and combined through learned flexible addressing functions to generate a diverse set of training examples. This leads to several benefits: 1) the size of compressed data does not necessarily grow linearly with the number of classes; 2) an overall higher compression rate with more effective distillation is achieved; and 3) more generalized queries are allowed beyond recalling the original classes. <br>We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on the dataset distillation task across five benchmarks, including up to 16.5% and 9.7% in retained accuracy improvement when distilling CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 respectively. We then leverage our framework to perform continual learning, achieving state-of-the-art results on four benchmarks, with 23.2% accuracy improvement on MANY.      
### 61.Mesh-based Dynamics with Occlusion Reasoning for Cloth Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02881.pdf)
>  Self-occlusion is challenging for cloth manipulation, as it makes it difficult to estimate the full state of the cloth. Ideally, a robot trying to unfold a crumpled or folded cloth should be able to reason about the cloth's occluded regions. We leverage recent advances in pose estimation for cloth to build a system that uses explicit occlusion reasoning to unfold a crumpled cloth. Specifically, we first learn a model to reconstruct the mesh of the cloth. However, the model will likely have errors due to the complexities of the cloth configurations and due to ambiguities from occlusions. Our main insight is that we can further refine the predicted reconstruction by performing test-time finetuning with self-supervised losses. The obtained reconstructed mesh allows us to use a mesh-based dynamics model for planning while reasoning about occlusions. We evaluate our system both on cloth flattening as well as on cloth canonicalization, in which the objective is to manipulate the cloth into a canonical pose. Our experiments show that our method significantly outperforms prior methods that do not explicitly account for occlusions or perform test-time optimization.      
### 62.Spatial Acoustic Projection for 3D Imaging Sonar Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02840.pdf)
>  In this work we present a novel method for reconstructing 3D surfaces using a multi-beam imaging sonar. We integrate the intensities measured by the sonar from different viewpoints for fixed cell positions in a 3D grid. For each cell we integrate a feature vector that holds the mean intensity for a discretized range of viewpoints. Based on the feature vectors and independent sparse range measurements that act as ground truth information, we train convolutional neural networks that allow us to predict the signed distance and direction to the nearest surface for each cell. The predicted signed distances can be projected into a truncated signed distance field (TSDF) along the predicted directions. Utilizing the marching cubes algorithm, a polygon mesh can be rendered from the TSDF. Our method allows a dense 3D reconstruction from a limited set of viewpoints and was evaluated on three real-world datasets.      
### 63.Invertible Sharpening Network for MRI Reconstruction Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02838.pdf)
>  High-quality MRI reconstruction plays a critical role in clinical applications. Deep learning-based methods have achieved promising results on MRI reconstruction. However, most state-of-the-art methods were designed to optimize the evaluation metrics commonly used for natural images, such as PSNR and SSIM, whereas the visual quality is not primarily pursued. Compared to the fully-sampled images, the reconstructed images are often blurry, where high-frequency features might not be sharp enough for confident clinical diagnosis. To this end, we propose an invertible sharpening network (InvSharpNet) to improve the visual quality of MRI reconstructions. During training, unlike the traditional methods that learn to map the input data to the ground truth, InvSharpNet adapts a backward training strategy that learns a blurring transform from the ground truth (fully-sampled image) to the input data (blurry reconstruction). During inference, the learned blurring transform can be inverted to a sharpening transform leveraging the network's invertibility. The experiments on various MRI datasets demonstrate that InvSharpNet can improve reconstruction sharpness with few artifacts. The results were also evaluated by radiologists, indicating better visual quality and diagnostic confidence of our proposed method.      
### 64.EVC-Net: Multi-scale V-Net with Conditional Random Fields for Brain Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02837.pdf)
>  Brain extraction is one of the first steps of pre-processing 3D brain MRI data. It is a prerequisite for any forthcoming brain imaging analyses. However, it is not a simple segmentation problem due to the complex structure of the brain and human head. Although multiple solutions have been proposed in the literature, we are still far from having truly robust methods. While previous methods have used machine learning with structural/geometric priors, with the development of deep learning in computer vision tasks, there has been an increase in proposed convolutional neural network architectures for this semantic segmentation task. Yet, most models focus on improving the training data and loss functions with little change in the architecture. In this paper, we propose a novel architecture we call EVC-Net. EVC-Net adds lower scale inputs on each encoder block. This enhances the multi-scale scheme of the V-Net architecture, hence increasing the efficiency of the model. Conditional Random Fields, a popular approach for image segmentation before the deep learning era, are re-introduced here as an additional step for refining the network's output to capture fine-grained results in segmentation. We compare our model to state-of-the-art methods such as HD-BET, Synthstrip and brainy. Results show that even with limited training resources, EVC-Net achieves higher Dice Coefficient and Jaccard Index along with lower surface distance.      
### 65.FedNST: Federated Noisy Student Training for Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02797.pdf)
>  Federated Learning (FL) enables training state-of-the-art Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) models on user devices (clients) in distributed systems, hence preventing transmission of raw user data to a central server. A key challenge facing practical adoption of FL for ASR is obtaining ground-truth labels on the clients. Existing approaches rely on clients to manually transcribe their speech, which is impractical for obtaining large training corpora. A promising alternative is using semi-/self-supervised learning approaches to leverage unlabelled user data. To this end, we propose a new Federated ASR method called FedNST for noisy student training of distributed ASR models with private unlabelled user data. We explore various facets of FedNST , such as training models with different proportions of unlabelled and labelled data, and evaluate the proposed approach on 1173 simulated clients. Evaluating FedNST on LibriSpeech, where 960 hours of speech data is split equally into server (labelled) and client (unlabelled) data, showed a 22.5% relative word error rate reduction (WERR) over a supervised baseline trained only on server data.      
### 66.FIFA: Making Fairness More Generalizable in Classifiers Trained on Imbalanced Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02792.pdf)
>  Algorithmic fairness plays an important role in machine learning and imposing fairness constraints during learning is a common approach. However, many datasets are imbalanced in certain label classes (e.g. "healthy") and sensitive subgroups (e.g. "older patients"). Empirically, this imbalance leads to a lack of generalizability not only of classification, but also of fairness properties, especially in over-parameterized models. For example, fairness-aware training may ensure equalized odds (EO) on the training data, but EO is far from being satisfied on new users. In this paper, we propose a theoretically-principled, yet Flexible approach that is Imbalance-Fairness-Aware (FIFA). Specifically, FIFA encourages both classification and fairness generalization and can be flexibly combined with many existing fair learning methods with logits-based losses. While our main focus is on EO, FIFA can be directly applied to achieve equalized opportunity (EqOpt); and under certain conditions, it can also be applied to other fairness notions. We demonstrate the power of FIFA by combining it with a popular fair classification algorithm, and the resulting algorithm achieves significantly better fairness generalization on several real-world datasets.      
### 67.Low Power Neuromorphic EMG Gesture Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.02061.pdf)
>  EMG (Electromyograph) signal based gesture recognition can prove vital for applications such as smart wearables and bio-medical neuro-prosthetic control. Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are promising for low-power, real-time EMG gesture recognition, owing to their inherent spike/event driven spatio-temporal dynamics. In literature, there are limited demonstrations of neuromorphic hardware implementation (at full chip/board/system scale) for EMG gesture classification. Moreover, most literature attempts exploit primitive SNNs based on LIF (Leaky Integrate and Fire) neurons. In this work, we address the aforementioned gaps with following key contributions: (1) Low-power, high accuracy demonstration of EMG-signal based gesture recognition using neuromorphic Recurrent Spiking Neural Networks (RSNN). In particular, we propose a multi-time scale recurrent neuromorphic system based on special double-exponential adaptive threshold (DEXAT) neurons. Our network achieves state-of-the-art classification accuracy (90%) while using ~53% lesser neurons than best reported prior art on Roshambo EMG dataset. (2) A new multi-channel spike encoder scheme for efficient processing of real-valued EMG data on neuromorphic systems. (3) Unique multi-compartment methodology to implement complex adaptive neurons on Intel's dedicated neuromorphic Loihi chip is shown. (4) RSNN implementation on Loihi (Nahuku 32) achieves significant energy/latency benefits of ~983X/19X compared to GPU for batch size as 50.      
