# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Fri, 21 Sep 2018
### 1.Implementing Adaptive Separable Convolution for Video Frame  Interpolation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07759.pdf)
> As Deep Neural Networks are becoming more popular, much of the attention is being devoted to Computer Vision problems that used to be solved with more traditional approaches. Video frame interpolation is one of such challenges that has seen new research involving various techniques in deep learning. In this paper, we replicate the work of Niklaus et al. on Adaptive Separable Convolution, which claims high quality results on the video frame interpolation task. We apply the same network structure trained on a smaller dataset and experiment with various different loss functions, in order to determine the optimal approach in data-scarce scenarios. The best resulting model is still able to provide visually pleasing videos, although achieving lower evaluation scores. 
### 2.Real Time Dense Depth Estimation by Fusing Stereo with Sparse Depth  Measurements  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07677.pdf)
> We present an approach to depth estimation that fuses information from a stereo pair with sparse range measurements derived from a LIDAR sensor or a range camera. The goal of this work is to exploit the complementary strengths of the two sensor modalities, the accurate but sparse range measurements and the ambiguous but dense stereo information. These two sources are effectively and efficiently fused by combining ideas from anisotropic diffusion and semi-global matching. <br />We evaluate our approach on the KITTI 2015 and Middlebury 2014 datasets, using randomly sampled ground truth range measurements as our sparse depth input. We achieve significant performance improvements with a small fraction of range measurements on both datasets. We also provide qualitative results from our platform using the PMDTec Monstar sensor. Our entire pipeline runs on an NVIDIA TX-2 platform at 5Hz on 1280x1024 stereo images with 128 disparity levels. 
### 3.Faster RER-CNN: application to the detection of vehicles in aerial  images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07628.pdf)
> Detecting small vehicles in aerial images is a difficult job that can be challenging even for humans. Rotating objects, low resolution, small inter-class variability and very large images comprising complicated backgrounds render the work of photo-interpreters tedious and wearisome. Unfortunately even the best classical detection pipelines like Faster R-CNN cannot be used off-the-shelf with good results because they were built to process object centric images from day-to-day life with multi-scale vertical objects. In this work we build on the Faster R-CNN approach to turn it into a detection framework that deals appropriately with the rotation equivariance inherent to any aerial image task. This new pipeline (Faster Rotation Equivariant Regions CNN) gives, without any bells and whistles, state-of-the-art results on one of the most challenging aerial imagery datasets: VeDAI and give good results w.r.t. the baseline Faster R-CNN on two others: Munich and GoogleEarth . 
### 4.DuPLO: A DUal view Point deep Learning architecture for time series  classificatiOn  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07589.pdf)
> Nowadays, modern Earth Observation systems continuously generate huge amounts of data. A notable example is represented by the Sentinel-2 mission, which provides images at high spatial resolution (up to 10m) with high temporal revisit period (every 5 days), which can be organized in Satellite Image Time Series (SITS). While the use of SITS has been proved to be beneficial in the context of Land Use/Land Cover (LULC) map generation, unfortunately, machine learning approaches commonly leveraged in remote sensing field fail to take advantage of spatio-temporal dependencies present in such data. <br />Recently, new generation deep learning methods allowed to significantly advance research in this field. These approaches have generally focused on a single type of neural network, i.e., Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) or Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), which model different but complementary information: spatial autocorrelation (CNNs) and temporal dependencies (RNNs). In this work, we propose the first deep learning architecture for the analysis of SITS data, namely \method{} (DUal view Point deep Learning architecture for time series classificatiOn), that combines Convolutional and Recurrent neural networks to exploit their complementarity. Our hypothesis is that, since CNNs and RNNs capture different aspects of the data, a combination of both models would produce a more diverse and complete representation of the information for the underlying land cover classification task. Experiments carried out on two study sites characterized by different land cover characteristics (i.e., the \textit{Gard} site in France and the \textit{Reunion Island} in the Indian Ocean), demonstrate the significance of our proposal. 
### 5.A Fast and Accurate System for Face Detection, Identification, and  Verification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07586.pdf)
> The availability of large annotated datasets and affordable computation power have led to impressive improvements in the performance of CNNs on various object detection and recognition benchmarks. These, along with a better understanding of deep learning methods, have also led to improved capabilities of machine understanding of faces. CNNs are able to detect faces, locate facial landmarks, estimate pose, and recognize faces in unconstrained images and videos. In this paper, we describe the details of a deep learning pipeline for unconstrained face identification and verification which achieves state-of-the-art performance on several benchmark datasets. We propose a novel face detector, Deep Pyramid Single Shot Face Detector (DPSSD), which is fast and capable of detecting faces with large scale variations (especially tiny faces). We give design details of the various modules involved in automatic face recognition: face detection, landmark localization and alignment, and face identification/verification. We provide evaluation results of the proposed face detector on challenging unconstrained face detection datasets. Then, we present experimental results for IARPA Janus Benchmarks A, B and C (IJB-A, IJB-B, IJB-C), and the Janus Challenge Set 5 (CS5). 
### 6.RGBD2lux: Dense light intensity estimation with an RGBD sensor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07558.pdf)
> Lighting design and modelling %(the efficient and aesthetic placement of luminaires in a virtual or real scene) or industrial applications like luminaire planning and commissioning %(the luminaire's installation and evaluation process along to the scene's geometry and structure) rely heavily on physically correct simulations. The current typical approaches are based on CAD modeling simulations and offline rendering, with long processing times and therefore inflexible workflows. Thus, in this paper we propose a computer vision based system to measure lighting with just a single RGBD camera. The proposed method uses both depth data and images from the sensor to provide a dense measure of light intensity in the field of view of the camera. % examine whether a 3D modeling simulation based on camera-aided information could be used to accurately simulate the light distribution of a luminaire on the fly and to answer the question how sufficiently meaningful and reliable such a light modeling procedure could be. . 
### 7.2018 PIRM Challenge on Perceptual Image Super-resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07517.pdf)
> This paper reports on the 2018 PIRM challenge on perceptual super-resolution (SR), held in conjunction with the Perceptual Image Restoration and Manipulation (PIRM) workshop at ECCV 2018. In contrast to previous SR challenges, our evaluation methodology jointly quantifies accuracy and perceptual quality, therefore enabling perceptual-driven methods to compete alongside algorithms that target PSNR maximization. Twenty-one participating teams introduced algorithms which well-improved upon the existing state-of-the-art methods in perceptual SR, as confirmed by a human opinion study. We also analyze popular image quality measures and draw conclusions regarding which of them correlates best with human opinion scores. We conclude with an analysis of the current trends in perceptual SR, as reflected from the leading submissions. 
### 8.MASON: A Model AgnoStic ObjectNess Framework  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07499.pdf)
> This paper proposes a simple, yet very effective method to localize dominant foreground objects in an image, to pixel-level precision. The proposed method 'MASON' (Model-AgnoStic ObjectNess) uses a deep convolutional network to generate category-independent and model-agnostic heat maps for any image. The network is not explicitly trained for the task, and hence, can be used off-the-shelf in tandem with any other network or task. We show that this framework scales to a wide variety of images, and illustrate the effectiveness of MASON in three varied application contexts. 
### 9.Learning a Local Feature Descriptor for 3D LiDAR Scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07494.pdf)
> Robust data association is necessary for virtually every SLAM system and finding corresponding points is typically a preprocessing step for scan alignment algorithms. Traditionally, handcrafted feature descriptors were used for these problems but recently learned descriptors have been shown to perform more robustly. In this work, we propose a local feature descriptor for 3D LiDAR scans. The descriptor is learned using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Our proposed architecture consists of a Siamese network for learning a feature descriptor and a metric learning network for matching the descriptors. We also present a method for estimating local surface patches and obtaining ground-truth correspondences. In extensive experiments, we compare our learned feature descriptor with existing 3D local descriptors and report highly competitive results for multiple experiments in terms of matching accuracy and computation time. \end{abstract} 
### 10.Towards Discrete Solution: A Sparse Preserving Method for Correspondence  Problem  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07456.pdf)
> Many problems of interest in computer vision can be formulated as a problem of finding consistent correspondences between two feature sets. Feature correspondence (matching) problem with one-to-one mapping constraint is usually formulated as an Integral Quadratic Programming (IQP) problem with permutation (or orthogonal) constraint. Since it is NP-hard, relaxation models are required. One main challenge for optimizing IQP matching problem is how to incorporate the discrete one-to-one mapping (permutation) constraint in its quadratic objective optimization. In this paper, we present a new relaxation model, called Sparse Constraint Preserving Matching (SPM), for IQP matching problem. SPM is motivated by our observation that the discrete permutation constraint can be well encoded via a sparse constraint. Comparing with traditional relaxation models, SPM can incorporate the discrete one-to-one mapping constraint straightly via a sparse constraint and thus provides a tighter relaxation for original IQP matching problem. A simple yet effective update algorithm has been derived to solve the proposed SPM model. Experimental results on several feature matching tasks demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of SPM method. 
### 11.A Coupled Evolutionary Network for Age Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07447.pdf)
> Age estimation of unknown persons is a challenging pattern analysis task due to the lacking of training data and various aging mechanisms for different people. Label distribution learning-based methods usually make distribution assumptions to simplify age estimation. However, age label distributions are often complex and difficult to be modeled in a parameter way. Inspired by the biological evolutionary mechanism, we propose a Coupled Evolutionary Network (CEN) with two concurrent evolutionary processes: evolutionary label distribution learning and evolutionary slack regression. Evolutionary network learns and refines age label distributions in an iteratively learning way. Evolutionary label distribution learning adaptively learns and constantly refines the age label distributions without making strong assumptions on the distribution patterns. To further utilize the ordered and continuous information of age labels, we accordingly propose an evolutionary slack regression to convert the discrete age label regression into the continuous age interval regression. Experimental results on Morph, ChaLearn15 and MegaAge-Asian datasets show the superiority of our method. 
### 12.Deep Generative Classifiers for Thoracic Disease Diagnosis with Chest  X-ray Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07436.pdf)
> Thoracic diseases are very serious health problems that plague a large number of people. Chest X-ray is currently one of the most popular methods to diagnose thoracic diseases, playing an important role in the healthcare workflow. However, reading the chest X-ray images and giving an accurate diagnosis remain challenging tasks for expert radiologists. With the success of deep learning in computer vision, a growing number of deep neural network architectures were applied to chest X-ray image classification. However, most of the previous deep neural network classifiers were based on deterministic architectures which are usually very noise-sensitive and are likely to aggravate the overfitting issue. In this paper, to make a deep architecture more robust to noise and to reduce overfitting, we propose using deep generative classifiers to automatically diagnose thorax diseases from the chest X-ray images. Unlike the traditional deterministic classifier, a deep generative classifier has a distribution middle layer in the deep neural network. A sampling layer then draws a random sample from the distribution layer and input it to the following layer for classification. The classifier is generative because the class label is generated from samples of a related distribution. Through training the model with a certain amount of randomness, the deep generative classifiers are expected to be robust to noise and can reduce overfitting and then achieve good performances. We implemented our deep generative classifiers based on a number of well-known deterministic neural network architectures, and tested our models on the chest X-ray14 dataset. The results demonstrated the superiority of deep generative classifiers compared with the corresponding deep deterministic classifiers. 
### 13.Deep Part Induction from Articulated Object Pairs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07417.pdf)
> Object functionality is often expressed through part articulation -- as when the two rigid parts of a scissor pivot against each other to perform the cutting function. Such articulations are often similar across objects within the same functional category. In this paper, we explore how the observation of different articulation states provides evidence for part structure and motion of 3D objects. Our method takes as input a pair of unsegmented shapes representing two different articulation states of two functionally related objects, and induces their common parts along with their underlying rigid motion. This is a challenging setting, as we assume no prior shape structure, no prior shape category information, no consistent shape orientation, the articulation states may belong to objects of different geometry, plus we allow inputs to be noisy and partial scans, or point clouds lifted from RGB images. Our method learns a neural network architecture with three modules that respectively propose correspondences, estimate 3D deformation flows, and perform segmentation. To achieve optimal performance, our architecture alternates between correspondence, deformation flow, and segmentation prediction iteratively in an ICP-like fashion. Our results demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art techniques in the task of discovering articulated parts of objects. In addition, our part induction is object-class agnostic and successfully generalizes to new and unseen objects. 
### 14.Egocentric Vision-based Future Vehicle Localization for Intelligent  Driving Assistance Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07408.pdf)
> Predicting the future location of vehicles is essential for safety-critical applications such as advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving. This paper introduces a novel approach to simultaneously predict both the location and scale of target vehicles in the first-person (egocentric) view of an ego-vehicle. We present a multi-stream recurrent neural network (RNN) encoder-decoder model that separately captures both object location and scale and pixel-level observations for future vehicle localization. We show that incorporating dense optical flow improves prediction results significantly since it captures information about motion as well as appearance change. We also find that explicitly modeling future motion of the ego-vehicle improves the prediction accuracy, which could be especially beneficial in intelligent and automated vehicles that have motion planning capability. To evaluate the performance of our approach, we present a new dataset of first-person videos collected from a variety of scenarios at road intersections, which are particularly challenging moments for prediction because vehicle trajectories are diverse and dynamic. 
### 15.Combined Image- and World-Space Tracking in Traffic Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07357.pdf)
> Tracking in urban street scenes plays a central role in autonomous systems such as self-driving cars. Most of the current vision-based tracking methods perform tracking in the image domain. Other approaches, eg based on LIDAR and radar, track purely in 3D. While some vision-based tracking methods invoke 3D information in parts of their pipeline, and some 3D-based methods utilize image-based information in components of their approach, we propose to use image- and world-space information jointly throughout our method. We present our tracking pipeline as a 3D extension of image-based tracking. From enhancing the detections with 3D measurements to the reported positions of every tracked object, we use world-space 3D information at every stage of processing. We accomplish this by our novel coupled 2D-3D Kalman filter, combined with a conceptually clean and extendable hypothesize-and-select framework. Our approach matches the current state-of-the-art on the official KITTI benchmark, which performs evaluation in the 2D image domain only. Further experiments show significant improvements in 3D localization precision by enabling our coupled 2D-3D tracking. 
### 16.Exemplar-based synthesis of geology using kernel discrepancies and  generative neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07748.pdf)
> We propose a framework for synthesis of geological images based on an exemplar image. We synthesize new realizations such that the discrepancy in the patch distribution between the realizations and the exemplar image is minimized. Such discrepancy is quantified using a kernel method for two-sample test called maximum mean discrepancy. To enable fast synthesis, we train a generative neural network in an offline phase to sample realizations efficiently during deployment, while also providing a parametrization of the synthesis process. We assess the framework on a classical binary image representing channelized subsurface reservoirs, finding that the method reproduces the visual patterns and spatial statistics (image histogram and two-point probability functions) of the exemplar image. 
### 17.On the self-similarity of line segments in decaying homogeneous  isotropic turbulence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07539.pdf)
> The self-similarity of a passive scalar in homogeneous isotropic decaying turbulence is investigated by the method of line segments (M. Gauding et al., Physics of Fluids 27.9 (2015): 095102). The analysis is based on a highly resolved direct numerical simulation of decaying turbulence. The method of line segments is used to perform a decomposition of the scalar field into smaller sub-units based on the extremal points of the scalar along a straight line. These sub-units (the so-called line segments) are parameterized by their length $\ell$ and the difference $\Delta\phi$ of the scalar field between the ending points. Line segments can be understood as thin local convective-diffusive structures in which diffusive processes are enhanced by compressive strain. From DNS, it is shown that the marginal distribution function of the length~$\ell$ assumes complete self-similarity when re-scaled by the mean length $\ell_m$. The joint statistics of $\Delta\phi$ and $\ell$, from which the local gradient $g=\Delta\phi/\ell$ can be defined, play an important role in understanding the turbulence mixing and flow structure. Large values of $g$ occur at a small but finite length scale. Statistics of $g$ are characterized by rare but strong deviations that exceed the standard deviation by more than one order of magnitude. It is shown that these events break complete self-similarity of line segments, which confirms the standard paradigm of turbulence that intense events (which are known as internal intermittency) are not self-similar. 
### 18.OxIOD: The Dataset for Deep Inertial Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07491.pdf)
> Advances in micro-electro-mechanical (MEMS) techniques enable inertial measurements units (IMUs) to be small, cheap, energy efficient, and widely used in smartphones, robots, and drones. Exploiting inertial data for accurate and reliable navigation and localization has attracted significant research and industrial interest, as IMU measurements are completely ego-centric and generally environment agnostic. Recent studies have shown that the notorious issue of drift can be significantly alleviated by using deep neural networks (DNNs), e.g. IONet. However, the lack of sufficient labelled data for training and testing various architectures limits the proliferation of adopting DNNs in IMU-based tasks. In this paper, we propose and release the Oxford Inertial Odometry Dataset (OxIOD), a first-of-its-kind data collection for inertial-odometry research, with all sequences having ground-truth labels. Our dataset contains 158 sequences totalling more than 42 km in total distance, much larger than previous inertial datasets. Another notable feature of this dataset lies in its diversity, which can reflect the complex motions of phone-based IMUs in various everyday usage. The measurements were collected with four different attachments (handheld, in the pocket, in the handbag and on the trolley), four motion modes (halting, walking slowly, walking normally, and running), five different users, four types of off-the-shelf consumer phones, and large-scale localization from office buildings. Deep inertial tracking experiments were conducted to show the effectiveness of our dataset in training deep neural network models and evaluate learning-based and model-based algorithms. The OxIOD Dataset is available at: <a href="http://deepio.cs.ox.ac.uk">this http URL</a> 
### 19.Distances for WiFi Based Topological Indoor Mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07405.pdf)
> For localization and mapping of indoor environments through WiFi signals, locations are often represented as likelihoods of the received signal strength indicator. In this work we compare various measures of distance between such likelihoods in combination with different methods for estimation and representation. In particular, we show that among the considered distance measures the Earth Mover's Distance seems the most beneficial for the localization task. Combined with kernel density estimation we were able to retain the topological structure of rooms in a real-world office scenario. 
### 20.Nonisometric Surface Registration via Conformal Laplace-Beltrami Basis  Pursuit  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.07399.pdf)
> Surface registration is one of the most fundamental problems in geometry processing. Many approaches have been developed to tackle this problem in cases where the surfaces are nearly isometric. However, it is much more challenging to compute correspondence between surfaces which are intrinsically less similar. In this paper, we propose a variational model to align the Laplace-Beltrami (LB) eigensytems of two non-isometric genus zero shapes via conformal deformations. This method enables us compute to geometric meaningful point-to-point maps between non-isometric shapes. Our model is based on a novel basis pursuit scheme whereby we simultaneously compute a conformal deformation of a 'target shape' and its deformed LB eigensytem. We solve the model using an proximal alternating minimization algorithm hybridized with the augmented Lagrangian method which produces accurate correspondences given only a few landmark points. We also propose a reinitialization scheme to overcome some of the difficulties caused by the non-convexity of the variational problem. Intensive numerical experiments illustrate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed method to handle non-isometric surfaces with large deformation with respect to both noise on the underlying manifolds and errors within the given landmarks. 
