# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Fri, 28 Sep 2018
### 1.Conditional WaveGAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10636.pdf)
> Generative models are successfully used for image synthesis in the recent years. But when it comes to other modalities like audio, text etc little progress has been made. Recent works focus on generating audio from a generative model in an unsupervised setting. We explore the possibility of using generative models conditioned on class labels. Concatenation based conditioning and conditional scaling were explored in this work with various hyper-parameter tuning methods. In this paper we introduce Conditional WaveGANs (cWaveGAN). Find our implementation at <a href="https://github.com/acheketa/cwavegan">this https URL</a> 
### 2.A Deep Learning Approach to Denoise Optical Coherence Tomography Images  of the Optic Nerve Head  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10589.pdf)
> Purpose: To develop a deep learning approach to de-noise optical coherence tomography (OCT) B-scans of the optic nerve head (ONH). <br />Methods: Volume scans consisting of 97 horizontal B-scans were acquired through the center of the ONH using a commercial OCT device (Spectralis) for both eyes of 20 subjects. For each eye, single-frame (without signal averaging), and multi-frame (75x signal averaging) volume scans were obtained. A custom deep learning network was then designed and trained with 2,328 "clean B-scans" (multi-frame B-scans), and their corresponding "noisy B-scans" (clean B-scans + gaussian noise) to de-noise the single-frame B-scans. The performance of the de-noising algorithm was assessed qualitatively, and quantitatively on 1,552 B-scans using the signal to noise ratio (SNR), contrast to noise ratio (CNR), and mean structural similarity index metrics (MSSIM). <br />Results: The proposed algorithm successfully denoised unseen single-frame OCT B-scans. The denoised B-scans were qualitatively similar to their corresponding multi-frame B-scans, with enhanced visibility of the ONH tissues. The mean SNR increased from $4.02 \pm 0.68$ dB (single-frame) to $8.14 \pm 1.03$ dB (denoised). For all the ONH tissues, the mean CNR increased from $3.50 \pm 0.56$ (single-frame) to $7.63 \pm 1.81$ (denoised). The MSSIM increased from $0.13 \pm 0.02$ (single frame) to $0.65 \pm 0.03$ (denoised) when compared with the corresponding multi-frame B-scans. <br />Conclusions: Our deep learning algorithm can denoise a single-frame OCT B-scan of the ONH in under 20 ms, thus offering a framework to obtain superior quality OCT B-scans with reduced scanning times and minimal patient discomfort. 
### 3.Kernel based low-rank sparse model for single image super-resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10582.pdf)
> Self-similarity learning has been recognized as a promising method for single image super-resolution (SR) to produce high-resolution (HR) image in recent years. The performance of learning based SR reconstruction, however, highly depends on learned representation coeffcients. Due to the degradation of input image, conventional sparse coding is prone to produce unfaithful representation coeffcients. To this end, we propose a novel kernel based low-rank sparse model with self-similarity learning for single image SR which incorporates nonlocalsimilarity prior to enforce similar patches having similar representation weights. We perform a gradual magnification scheme, using self-examples extracted from the degraded input image and up-scaled versions. To exploit nonlocal-similarity, we concatenate the vectorized input patch and its nonlocal neighbors at different locations into a data matrix which consists of similar components. Then we map the nonlocal data matrix into a high-dimensional feature space by kernel method to capture their nonlinear structures. Under the assumption that the sparse coeffcients for the nonlocal data in the kernel space should be low-rank, we impose low-rank constraint on sparse coding to share similarities among representation coeffcients and remove outliers in order that stable weights for SR reconstruction can be obtained. Experimental results demonstrate the advantage of our proposed method in both visual quality and reconstruction error. 
### 4.Dropout Distillation for Efficiently Estimating Model Confidence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10562.pdf)
> We propose an efficient way to output better calibrated uncertainty scores from neural networks. The Distilled Dropout Network (DDN) makes standard (non-Bayesian) neural networks more introspective by adding a new training loss which prevents them from being overconfident. Our method is more efficient than Bayesian neural networks or model ensembles which, despite providing more reliable uncertainty scores, are more cumbersome to train and slower to test. We evaluate DDN on the the task of image classification on the CIFAR-10 dataset and show that our calibration results are competitive even when compared to 100 Monte Carlo samples from a dropout network while they also increase the classification accuracy. We also propose better calibration within the state of the art Faster R-CNN object detection framework and show, using the COCO dataset, that DDN helps train better calibrated object detectors. 
### 5.Real-time 3D Pose Estimation with a Monocular Camera Using Deep Learning  and Object Priors On an Autonomous Racecar  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10548.pdf)
> We propose a complete pipeline that allows object detection and simultaneously estimate the pose of these multiple object instances using just a single image. A novel "keypoint regression" scheme with a cross-ratio term is introduced that exploits prior information about the object's shape and size to regress and find specific feature points. Further, a priori 3D information about the object is used to match 2D-3D correspondences and accurately estimate object positions up to a distance of 15m. A detailed discussion of the results and an in-depth analysis of the pipeline is presented. The pipeline runs efficiently on a low-powered Jetson TX2 and is deployed as part of the perception pipeline on a real-time autonomous vehicle cruising at a top speed of 54 km/hr. 
### 6.Collective behavior recognition using compact descriptors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10499.pdf)
> This paper presents a novel hierarchical approach for collective behavior recognition based solely on ground-plane trajectories. In the first layer of our classifier, we introduce a novel feature called Personal Interaction Descriptor (PID), which combines the spatial distribution of a pair of pedestrians within a temporal window with a pyramidal representation of the relative speed to detect pairwise interactions. These interactions are then combined with higher level features related to the mean speed and shape formed by the pedestrians in the scene, generating a Collective Behavior Descriptor (CBD) that is used to identify collective behaviors in a second stage. In both layers, Random Forests were used as classifiers, since they allow features of different natures to be combined seamlessly. Our experimental results indicate that the proposed method achieves results on par with state of the art techniques with a better balance of class errors. Moreover, we show that our method can generalize well across different camera setups through cross-dataset experiments. 
### 7.nnU-Net: Self-adapting Framework for U-Net-Based Medical Image  Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10486.pdf)
> The U-Net was presented in 2015. With its straight-forward and successful architecture it quickly evolved to a commonly used benchmark in medical image segmentation. The adaptation of the U-Net to novel problems, however, comprises several degrees of freedom regarding the exact architecture, preprocessing, training and inference. These choices are not independent of each other and substantially impact the overall performance. The present paper introduces the nnU-Net ('no-new-Net'), which refers to a robust and self-adapting framework on the basis of 2D and 3D vanilla U-Nets. We argue the strong case for taking away superfluous bells and whistles of many proposed network designs and instead focus on the remaining aspects that make out the performance and generalizability of a method. We evaluate the nnU-Net in the context of the Medical Segmentation Decathlon challenge, which measures segmentation performance in ten disciplines comprising distinct entities, image modalities, image geometries and dataset sizes, with no manual adjustments between datasets allowed. At the time of manuscript submission, nnU-Net achieves the highest mean dice scores across all classes and seven phase 1 tasks (except class 1 in BrainTumour) in the online leaderboard of the challenge. 
### 8.No New-Net  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10483.pdf)
> In this paper we demonstrate the effectiveness of a well trained U-Net in the context of the BraTS 2018 challenge. This endeavour is particularly interesting given that researchers are currently besting each other with architectural modifications that are intended to improve the segmentation performance. We instead focus on the training process, argue that a well trained U-Net is hard to beat and intend to back up this assumption with a strong participation in this years BraTS challenge. Our baseline U-Net, which has only minor modifications and is trained with a large patch size and a dice loss function already achieves competitive dice scores on the BraTS2018 validation data. By incorporating region based training, additional training data and a simple postprocessing technique, we obtain dice scores of 81.01, 90.83 and 85.44 and Hausdorff Distances (95th percentile) of 2.54, 4.97 and 7. 
### 9.Edge and Corner Detection for Unorganized 3D Point Clouds with  Application to Robotic Welding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10468.pdf)
> In this paper, we propose novel edge and corner detection algorithms for unorganized point clouds. Our edge detection method evaluates symmetry in a local neighborhood and uses an adaptive density based threshold to differentiate 3D edge points. We extend this algorithm to propose a novel corner detector that clusters curvature vectors and uses their geometrical statistics to classify a point as corner. We perform rigorous evaluation of the algorithms on RGB-D semantic segmentation and 3D washer models from the ShapeNet dataset and report higher precision and recall scores. Finally, we also demonstrate how our edge and corner detectors can be used as a novel approach towards automatic weld seam detection for robotic welding. We propose to generate weld seams directly from a point cloud as opposed to using 3D models for offline planning of welding paths. For this application, we show a comparison between Harris 3D and our proposed approach on a panel workpiece. 
### 10.A Simple Framework to Leverage State-Of-The-Art Single-Image  Super-Resolution Methods to Restore Light Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10449.pdf)
> Plenoptic cameras offer a cost effective solution to capture light fields by multiplexing multiple views on a single image sensor. However, the high angular resolution is achieved at the expense of reducing the spatial resolution of each view by orders of magnitude compared to the raw sensor image. While light field super-resolution is still at an early stage, the field of single image super-resolution (SISR) has recently known significant advances with the use of deep learning techniques. This paper describes a simple framework allowing us to leverage state-of-the-art SISR techniques into light fields, while taking into account specific light field geometrical constraints. The idea is to first compute a representation compacting most of the light field energy into as few components as possible. This is achieved by aligning the light field using optical flows and then by decomposing the aligned light field using singular value decomposition (SVD). The principal basis captures the information that is coherent across all the views, while the other basis contain the high angular frequencies. Super-resolving this principal basis using an SISR method allows us to super-resolve all the information that is coherent across the entire light field. This framework allows the proposed light field super-resolution method to inherit the benefits of the SISR method used. Experimental results show that the proposed method is competitive, and most of the time superior, to recent light field super-resolution methods in terms of both PSNR and SSIM quality metrics, with a lower complexity. 
### 11.CNN Based Posture-Free Hand Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10432.pdf)
> Although many studies suggest high performance hand detection methods, those methods are likely to be overfitting. Fortunately, the Convolution Neural Network (CNN) based approach provides a better way that is less sensitive to translation and hand poses. However the CNN approach is complex and can increase computational time, which at the end reduce its effectiveness on a system where the speed is essential.In this study we propose a shallow CNN network which is fast, and insensitive to translation and hand poses. It is tested on two different domains of hand datasets, and performs in relatively comparable performance and faster than the other state-of-the-art hand CNN-based hand detection method. Our evaluation shows that the proposed shallow CNN network performs at 93.9% accuracy and reaches much faster speed than its competitors. 
### 12.Towards increased trustworthiness of deep learning segmentation methods  on cardiac MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10430.pdf)
> Current state-of-the-art deep learning segmentation methods have not yet made a broad entrance into the clinical setting in spite of high demand for such automatic methods. One important reason is the lack of reliability caused by models that fail unnoticed and often locally produce anatomically implausible results that medical experts would not make. This paper presents an automatic image segmentation method based on (Bayesian) dilated convolutional networks (DCNN) that generate segmentation masks and spatial uncertainty maps for the input image at hand. The method was trained and evaluated using segmentation of the left ventricle (LV) cavity, right ventricle (RV) endocardium and myocardium (Myo) at end-diastole (ED) and end-systole (ES) in 100 cardiac 2D MR scans from the MICCAI 2017 Challenge (ACDC). Combining segmentations and uncertainty maps and employing a human-in-the-loop setting, we provide evidence that image areas indicated as highly uncertain regarding the obtained segmentation almost entirely cover regions of incorrect segmentations. The fused information can be harnessed to increase segmentation performance. Our results reveal that we can obtain valuable spatial uncertainty maps with low computational effort using DCNNs. 
### 13.Deformable Object Tracking with Gated Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10417.pdf)
> The tracking-by-detection framework receives growing attentions through the integration with the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Existing methods, however, fail to track objects with severe appearance variations. This is because the traditional convolutional operation is performed on fixed grids, and thus may not be able to find the correct response while the object is changing pose or under varying environmental conditions. In this paper, we propose a deformable convolution layer to enrich the target appearance representations in the tracking-by-detection framework. We aim to capture the target appearance variations via deformable convolution and supplement its original appearance through residual learning. Meanwhile, we propose a gated fusion scheme to control how the variations captured by the deformable convolution affect the original appearance. The enriched feature representation through deformable convolution facilitates the discrimination of the CNN classifier on the target object and background. Extensive experiments on the standard benchmarks show that the proposed tracker performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods. 
### 14.Image Reconstruction Using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10410.pdf)
> This paper proposes a deep learning architecture that attains statistically significant improvements over traditional algorithms in Poisson image denoising espically when the noise is strong. Poisson noise commonly occurs in low-light and photon- limited settings, where the noise can be most accurately modeled by the Poission distribution. Poisson noise traditionally prevails only in specific fields such as astronomical imaging. However, with the booming market of surveillance cameras, which commonly operate in low-light environments, or mobile phones, which produce noisy night scene pictures due to lower-grade sensors, the necessity for an advanced Poisson image denoising algorithm has increased. Deep learning has achieved amazing breakthroughs in other imaging problems, such image segmentation and recognition, and this paper proposes a deep learning denoising network that outperforms traditional algorithms in Poisson denoising especially when the noise is strong. The architecture incorporates a hybrid of convolutional and deconvolutional layers along with symmetric connections. The denoising network achieved statistically significant 0.38dB, 0.68dB, and 1.04dB average PSNR gains over benchmark traditional algorithms in experiments with image peak values 4, 2, and 1. The denoising network can also operate with shorter computational time while still outperforming the benchmark algorithm by tuning the reconstruction stride sizes. 
### 15.An Intelligent Extraversion Analysis Scheme from Crowd Trajectories for  Surveillance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10398.pdf)
> In recent years, crowd analysis is important for applications such as smart cities, intelligent transportation system, customer behavior prediction, and visual surveillance. Understanding the characteristics of the individual motion in a crowd can be beneficial for social event detection and abnormal detection, but it has rarely been studied. In this paper, we focus on the extraversion measure of individual motions in crowds based on trajectory data. Extraversion is one of typical personalities that is often observed in human crowd behaviors and it can reflect not only the characteristics of the individual motion, but also the that of the holistic crowd motions. To our best knowledge, this is the first attempt to analyze individual extraversion of crowd motions based on trajectories. To accomplish this, we first present a effective composite motion descriptor, which integrates the basic individual motion information and social metrics, to describe the extraversion of each individual in a crowd. The social metrics consider both the neighboring distribution and their interaction pattern. Since our major goal is to learn a universal scoring function that can measure the degrees of extraversion across varied crowd scenes, we incorporate and adapt the active learning technique to the relative attribute approach. Specifically, we assume the social groups in any crowds contain individuals with the similar degree of extraversion. Based on such assumption, we significantly reduce the computation cost by clustering and ranking the trajectories actively. Finally, we demonstrate the performance of our proposed method by measuring the degree of extraversion for real individual trajectories in crowds and analyzing crowd scenes from a real-world dataset. 
### 16.Multi-View Frame Reconstruction with Conditional GAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10352.pdf)
> Multi-view frame reconstruction is an important problem particularly when multiple frames are missing and past and future frames within the camera are far apart from the missing ones. Realistic coherent frames can still be reconstructed using corresponding frames from other overlapping cameras. We propose an adversarial approach to learn the spatio-temporal representation of the missing frame using conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN). The conditional input to each cGAN is the preceding or following frames within the camera or the corresponding frames in other overlapping cameras, all of which are merged together using a weighted average. Representations learned from frames within the camera are given more weight compared to the ones learned from other cameras when they are close to the missing frames and vice versa. Experiments on two challenging datasets demonstrate that our framework produces comparable results with the state-of-the-art reconstruction method in a single camera and achieves promising performance in multi-camera scenario. 
### 17.Diagnostics in Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10328.pdf)
> Over the past years, computer vision community has contributed to enormous progress in semantic image segmentation, a per-pixel classification task, crucial for dense scene understanding and rapidly becoming vital in lots of real-world applications, including driverless cars and medical imaging. Most recent models are now reaching previously unthinkable numbers (e.g., 89% mean iou on PASCAL VOC, 83% on CityScapes), and, while intersection-over-union and a range of other metrics provide the general picture of model performance, in this paper we aim to extend them into other meaningful and important for applications characteristics, answering such questions as 'how accurate the model segmentation is on small objects in the general scene?', or 'what are the sources of uncertainty that cause the model to make an erroneous prediction?'. Besides establishing a methodology that covers the performance of a single model from different perspectives, we also showcase several extensions that can be worth pursuing in order to further improve current results in semantic segmentation. 
### 18.Geometry-Aware Network for Non-Rigid Shape Prediction from a Single View  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10305.pdf)
> We propose a method for predicting the 3D shape of a deformable surface from a single view. By contrast with previous approaches, we do not need a pre-registered template of the surface, and our method is robust to the lack of texture and partial occlusions. At the core of our approach is a {\it geometry-aware} deep architecture that tackles the problem as usually done in analytic solutions: first perform 2D detection of the mesh and then estimate a 3D shape that is geometrically consistent with the image. We train this architecture in an end-to-end manner using a large dataset of synthetic renderings of shapes under different levels of deformation, material properties, textures and lighting conditions. We evaluate our approach on a test split of this dataset and available real benchmarks, consistently improving state-of-the-art solutions with a significantly lower computational time. 
### 19.Unsupervised Person Image Synthesis in Arbitrary Poses  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10280.pdf)
> We present a novel approach for synthesizing photo-realistic images of people in arbitrary poses using generative adversarial learning. Given an input image of a person and a desired pose represented by a 2D skeleton, our model renders the image of the same person under the new pose, synthesizing novel views of the parts visible in the input image and hallucinating those that are not seen. This problem has recently been addressed in a supervised manner, i.e., during training the ground truth images under the new poses are given to the network. We go beyond these approaches by proposing a fully unsupervised strategy. We tackle this challenging scenario by splitting the problem into two principal subtasks. First, we consider a pose conditioned bidirectional generator that maps back the initially rendered image to the original pose, hence being directly comparable to the input image without the need to resort to any training image. Second, we devise a novel loss function that incorporates content and style terms, and aims at producing images of high perceptual quality. Extensive experiments conducted on the DeepFashion dataset demonstrate that the images rendered by our model are very close in appearance to those obtained by fully supervised approaches. 
### 20.Cylindrical Transform: 3D Semantic Segmentation of Kidneys With Limited  Annotated Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10245.pdf)
> In this paper, we propose a novel technique for sampling sequential images using a cylindrical transform in a cylindrical coordinate system for kidney semantic segmentation in abdominal computed tomography (CT). The images generated from a cylindrical transform augment a limited annotated set of images in three dimensions. This approach enables us to train contemporary classification deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) instead of fully convolutional networks (FCNs) for semantic segmentation. Typical semantic segmentation models segment a sequential set of images (e.g. CT or video) by segmenting each image independently. However, the proposed method not only considers the spatial dependency in the x-y plane, but also the spatial sequential dependency along the z-axis. The results show that classification DCNNs, trained on cylindrical transformed images, can achieve a higher segmentation performance value than FCNs using a limited number of annotated images. 
### 21.Autonomously and Simultaneously Refining Deep Neural Network Parameters  by a Bi-Generative Adversarial Network Aided Genetic Algorithm  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10244.pdf)
> The choice of parameters, and the design of the network architecture are important factors affecting the performance of deep neural networks. Genetic Algorithms (GA) have been used before to determine parameters of a network. Yet, GAs perform a finite search over a discrete set of pre-defined candidates, and cannot, in general, generate unseen configurations. In this paper, to move from exploration to exploitation, we propose a novel and systematic method that autonomously and simultaneously optimizes multiple parameters of any deep neural network by using a GA aided by a bi-generative adversarial network (Bi-GAN). The proposed Bi-GAN allows the autonomous exploitation and choice of the number of neurons, for fully-connected layers, and number of filters, for convolutional layers, from a large range of values. Our proposed Bi-GAN involves two generators, and two different models compete and improve each other progressively with a GAN-based strategy to optimize the networks during GA evolution. Our proposed approach can be used to autonomously refine the number of convolutional layers and dense layers, number and size of kernels, and the number of neurons for the dense layers; choose the type of the activation function; and decide whether to use dropout and batch normalization or not, to improve the accuracy of different deep neural network architectures. Without loss of generality, the proposed method has been tested with the ModelNet database, and compared with the 3D Shapenets and two GA-only methods. The results show that the presented approach can simultaneously and successfully optimize multiple neural network parameters, and achieve higher accuracy even with shallower networks. 
### 22.Leveraging Transfer Learning for Segmenting Lesions and their Attributes  in Dermoscopy Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10243.pdf)
> Computer-aided diagnosis systems for classification of different type of skin lesions have been an active field of research in recent decades. It has been shown that introducing lesions and their attributes masks into lesion classification pipeline can greatly improve the performance. In this paper, we propose a framework by incorporating transfer learning for segmenting lesions and their attributes based on the convolutional neural networks. The proposed framework is inspired by the well-known UNet architecture. It utilizes a variety of pre-trained networks in the encoding path and generates the prediction map by combining multi-scale information in decoding path using a pyramid pooling manner. To circumvent the lack of training data and increase the proposed model generalization, an extensive set of novel augmentation routines have been applied during the training of the network. Moreover, for each task of lesion and attribute segmentation, a specific loss function has been designed to obviate the training phase difficulties. Finally, the prediction for each task is generated by ensembling the outputs from different models. The proposed approach achieves promising results on the cross-validation experiments on the ISIC2018- Task1 and Task2 data sets. 
### 23.Seeding Deep Learning using Wireless Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10242.pdf)
> Deep learning is often constrained by the lack of large, diverse labeled training datasets, especially images captured in the wild. We believe advances in wireless localization, working in unison with cameras, can produce automated labeling of targets in videos captured in the wild. Using pedestrian detection as a case study, we demonstrate the feasibility, benefits, and challenges of a possible solution using WiFi localization. To enable the automated generation of labeled training data, our work calls for new technical development on passive localization, mobile data analytics, and error-resilient ML models, as well as design issues in user privacy policies. 
### 24.Classifying Mammographic Breast Density by Residual Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10241.pdf)
> Mammographic breast density, a parameter used to describe the proportion of breast tissue fibrosis, is widely adopted as an evaluation characteristic of the likelihood of breast cancer incidence. In this study, we present a radiomics approach based on residual learning for the classification of mammographic breast densities. Our method possesses several encouraging properties such as being almost fully automatic, possessing big model capacity and flexibility. It can obtain outstanding classification results without the necessity of result compensation using mammographs taken from different views. The proposed method was instantiated with the INbreast dataset and classification accuracies of 92.6% and 96.8% were obtained for the four BI-RADS (Breast Imaging and Reporting Data System) category task and the two BI-RADS category task,respectively. The superior performances achieved compared to the existing state-of-the-art methods along with its encouraging properties indicate that our method has a great potential to be applied as a computer-aided diagnosis tool. 
### 25.ConvPath: A Software Tool for Lung Adenocarcinoma Digital Pathological  Image Analysis Aided by Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10240.pdf)
> The spatial distributions of different types of cells could reveal a cancer cell growth pattern, its relationships with the tumor microenvironment and the immune response of the body, all of which represent key hallmarks of cancer. However, manually recognizing and localizing all the cells in pathology slides are almost impossible. In this study, we developed an automated cell type classification pipeline, ConvPath, which includes nuclei segmentation, convolutional neural network-based tumor, stromal and lymphocytes classification, and extraction of tumor microenvironment related features for lung cancer pathology images. The overall classification accuracy is 92.9% and 90.1% in training and independent testing datasets, respectively. By identifying cells and classifying cell types, this pipeline can convert a pathology image into a spatial map of tumor, stromal and lymphocyte cells. From this spatial map, we can extracted features that characterize the tumor micro-environment. Based on these features, we developed an image feature-based prognostic model and validated the model in two independent cohorts. The predicted risk group serves as an independent prognostic factor, after adjusting for clinical variables that include age, gender, smoking status, and stage. 
### 26.Empty Cities: Image Inpainting for a Dynamic-Object-Invariant Space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10239.pdf)
> In this paper we present an end-to-end deep learning framework to turn images that show dynamic content, such as vehicles or pedestrians, into realistic static frames. This objective encounters two main challenges: detecting the dynamic objects, and inpainting the static occluded background. The second challenge is approached with a conditional generative adversarial model that, taking as input the original dynamic image and the computed dynamic/static binary mask, is capable of generating the final static image. The former challenge is addressed by the use of a convolutional network that learns a multi-class semantic segmentation of the image. The objective of this network is producing an accurate segmentation and helping the previous generative model to output a realistic static image. These generated images can be used for applications such as virtual reality or vision-based robot localization purposes. To validate our approach, we show both qualitative and quantitative comparisons against other inpainting methods by removing the dynamic objects and hallucinating the static structure behind them. Furthermore, to demonstrate the potential of our results, we conduct pilot experiments showing the benefits of our proposal for visual place recognition. Code has been made available on <a href="https://github.com/bertabescos/EmptyCities.">this https URL</a> 
### 27.C4Synth: Cross-Caption Cycle-Consistent Text-to-Image Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10238.pdf)
> Generating an image from its description is a challenging task worth solving because of its numerous practical applications ranging from image editing to virtual reality. All existing methods use one single caption to generate a plausible image. A single caption by itself, can be limited, and may not be able to capture the variety of concepts and behavior that may be present in the image. We propose two deep generative models that generate an image by making use of multiple captions describing it. This is achieved by ensuring 'Cross-Caption Cycle Consistency' between the multiple captions and the generated image(s). We report quantitative and qualitative results on the standard Caltech-UCSD Birds (CUB) and Oxford-102 Flowers datasets to validate the efficacy of the proposed approach. 
### 28.Generic Vehicle Tracking Framework Capable of Handling Occlusions Based  on Modified Mixture Particle Filter  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10237.pdf)
> Accurate and robust tracking of surrounding road participants plays an important role in autonomous driving. However, there is usually no prior knowledge of the number of tracking targets due to object emergence, object disappearance and false alarms. To overcome this challenge, we propose a generic vehicle tracking framework based on modified mixture particle filter, which can make the number of tracking targets adaptive to real-time observations and track all the vehicles within sensor range simultaneously in a uniform architecture without explicit data association. Each object corresponds to a mixture component whose distribution is non-parametric and approximated by particle hypotheses. Most tracking approaches employ vehicle kinematic models as the prediction model. However, it is hard for these models to make proper predictions when sensor measurements are lost or become low quality due to partial or complete occlusions. Moreover, these models are incapable of forecasting sudden maneuvers. To address these problems, we propose to incorporate learning-based behavioral models instead of pure vehicle kinematic models to realize prediction in the prior update of recursive Bayesian state estimation. Two typical driving scenarios including lane keeping and lane change are demonstrated to verify the effectiveness and accuracy of the proposed framework as well as the advantages of employing learning-based models. 
### 29.Learning to Interpret Satellite Images Using Wikipedia  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10236.pdf)
> Despite recent progress in computer vision, fine-grained interpretation of satellite images remains challenging because of a lack of labeled training data. To overcome this limitation, we propose using Wikipedia as a previously untapped source of rich, georeferenced textual information with global coverage. We construct a novel large-scale, multi-modal dataset by pairing geo-referenced Wikipedia articles with satellite imagery of their corresponding locations. To prove the efficacy of this dataset, we focus on the African continent and train a deep network to classify images based on labels extracted from articles. We then fine-tune the model on a human annotated dataset and demonstrate that this weak form of supervision can drastically reduce the quantity of human annotated labels and time required for downstream tasks. 
### 30.CNN-based Pore Detection and Description for High-Resolution Fingerprint  Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10229.pdf)
> High-resolution fingerprint recognition usually relies on sophisticated matching algorithms to match hand-crafted keypoint, usually pores, descriptors. In this work, we improve the state-of-the-art results in a public benchmark by using instead a CNN pore descriptor with a simpler matching algorithm. We describe how aligning images allows learning keypoint descriptors when the dataset does not provide keypoint identity annotations. We also propose a new pore detector, together with a detailed evaluation protocol for this task. All our code is available at <a href="https://github.com/gdahia/high-res-fingerprint-recognition.">this https URL</a> 
### 31.Left Ventricle Segmentation and Quantification from Cardiac Cine MR  Images via Multi-task Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10221.pdf)
> Segmentation of the left ventricle and quantification of various cardiac contractile functions is crucial for the timely diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular diseases. Traditionally, the two tasks have been tackled independently. Here we propose a convolutional neural network based multi-task learning approach to perform both tasks simultaneously, such that, the network learns better representation of the data with improved generalization performance. Probabilistic formulation of the problem enables learning the task uncertainties during the training, which are used to automatically compute the weights for the tasks. We performed a five fold cross-validation of the myocardium segmentation obtained from the proposed multi-task network on 97 patient 4-dimensional cardiac cine-MRI datasets available through the STACOM LV segmentation challenge against the provided gold-standard myocardium segmentation, obtaining a Dice overlap of $0.849 \pm 0.036$ and mean surface distance of $0.274 \pm 0.083$ mm, while simultaneously estimating the myocardial area with mean absolute difference error of $205\pm198$ mm$^2$. 
### 32.Multi-Scale Fully Convolutional Network for Cardiac Left Ventricle  Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10203.pdf)
> The morphological structure of left ventricle segmented from cardiac magnetic resonance images can be used to calculate key clinical parameters, and it is of great significance to the accurate and efficient diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases. Compared with traditional methods, the segmentation algorithms based on fully convolutional neural network greatly improve the accuracy of semantic segmentation. For the problem of left ventricular segmentation, a new fully convolutional neural network structure named MS-FCN is proposed in this paper. The MS-FCN network employs a multi-scale pooling module to ensure that the network maximises the feature extraction ability and uses a dense connectivity decoder to refine the boundaries of the object. Based on the Sunnybrook cine-MR dataset provided by the MICCAI 2009 challenge, numerical experiments demonstrate that our proposed model has obtained state-of-the-art segmentation results: the Dice score of our method reaches 0.93 on the endocardium, and 0.96 on the epicardium. 
### 33.Visual Diver Recognition for Underwater Human-Robot Collaboration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10201.pdf)
> This paper presents an approach for autonomous underwater robots to visually detect and identify divers. The proposed approach enables an autonomous underwater robot to detect multiple divers in a visual scene and distinguish between them. Such methods are useful for robots to identify a human leader, for example, in multi-human/robot teams where only designated individuals are allowed to command or lean a team of robots. Initial diver identification is performed using the Faster R-CNN algorithm with a region proposal network which produces bounding boxes around the divers' locations. Subsequently, a suite of spatial and frequency domain descriptors are extracted from the bounding boxes to create a feature vector. A K-Means clustering algorithm, with k set to the number of detected bounding boxes, thereafter identifies the detected divers based on these feature vectors. We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach on video footage of divers swimming in front of a mobile robot and demonstrate its accuracy. 
### 34.Compressing the Input for CNNs with the First-Order Scattering Transform  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10200.pdf)
> We study the first-order scattering transform as a candidate for reducing the signal processed by a convolutional neural network (CNN). We show theoretical and empirical evidence that in the case of natural images and sufficiently small translation invariance, this transform preserves most of the signal information needed for classification while substantially reducing the spatial resolution and total signal size. We demonstrate that cascading a CNN with this representation performs on par with ImageNet classification models, commonly used in downstream tasks, such as the ResNet-50. We subsequently apply our trained hybrid ImageNet model as a base model on a detection system, which has typically larger image inputs. On Pascal VOC and COCO detection tasks we demonstrate improvements in the inference speed and training memory consumption compared to models trained directly on the input image. 
### 35.DLO: Direct LiDAR Odometry for 2.5D Outdoor Environment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10199.pdf)
> For autonomous vehicles, high-precision real-time localization is the guarantee of stable driving. Compared with the visual odometry (VO), the LiDAR odometry (LO) has the advantages of higher accuracy and better stability. However, 2D LO is only suitable for the indoor environment, and 3D LO has less efficiency in general. Both are not suitable for the online localization of an autonomous vehicle in an outdoor driving environment. In this paper, a direct LO method based on the 2.5D grid map is proposed. The fast semi-dense direct method proposed for VO is employed to register two 2.5D maps. Experiments show that this method is superior to both the 3D-NDT and LOAM in the outdoor environment. 
### 36.Recent progress in semantic image segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10198.pdf)
> Semantic image segmentation, which becomes one of the key applications in image processing and computer vision domain, has been used in multiple domains such as medical area and intelligent transportation. Lots of benchmark datasets are released for researchers to verify their algorithms. Semantic segmentation has been studied for many years. Since the emergence of Deep Neural Network (DNN), segmentation has made a tremendous progress. In this paper, we divide semantic image segmentation methods into two categories: traditional and recent DNN method. Firstly, we briefly summarize the traditional method as well as datasets released for segmentation, then we comprehensively investigate recent methods based on DNN which are described in the eight aspects: fully convolutional network, upsample ways, FCN joint with CRF methods, dilated convolution approaches, progresses in backbone network, pyramid methods, Multi-level feature and multi-stage method, supervised, weakly-supervised and unsupervised methods. Finally, a conclusion in this area is drawn. 
### 37.Computer-Aided Diagnosis of Label-Free 3-D Optical Coherence Microscopy  Images of Human Cervical Tissue  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10196.pdf)
> Objective: Ultrahigh-resolution optical coherence microscopy (OCM) has recently demonstrated its potential for accurate diagnosis of human cervical diseases. One major challenge for clinical adoption, however, is the steep learning curve clinicians need to overcome to interpret OCM images. Developing an intelligent technique for computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) to accurately interpret OCM images will facilitate clinical adoption of the technology and improve patient care. Methods: 497 high-resolution 3-D OCM volumes (600 cross-sectional images each) were collected from 159 ex vivo specimens of 92 female patients. OCM image features were extracted using a convolutional neural network (CNN) model, concatenated with patient information (e.g., age, HPV results), and classified using a support vector machine classifier. Ten-fold cross-validations were utilized to test the performance of the CADx method in a five-class classification task and a binary classification task. Results: An 88.3 plus or minus 4.9% classification accuracy was achieved for five fine-grained classes of cervical tissue, namely normal, ectropion, low-grade and high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (LSIL and HSIL), and cancer. In the binary classification task (low-risk [normal, ectropion and LSIL] vs. high-risk [HSIL and cancer]), the CADx method achieved an area-under-the-curve (AUC) value of 0.959 with an 86.7 plus or minus 11.4% sensitivity and 93.5 plus or minus 3.8% specificity. Conclusion: The proposed deep-learning based CADx method outperformed three human experts. It was also able to identify morphological characteristics in OCM images that were consistent with histopathological interpretations. Significance: Label-free OCM imaging, combined with deep-learning based CADx methods, hold a great promise to be used in clinical settings for the effective screening and diagnosis of cervical diseases. 
### 38.Content Based Image Retrieval from AWiFS Images Repository of IRS  Resourcesat-2 Satellite Based on Water Bodies and Burnt Areas  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10190.pdf)
> Satellite Remote Sensing Technology is becoming a major milestone in the prediction of weather anomalies, natural disasters as well as finding alternative resources in proximity using multiple multi-spectral sensors emitting electromagnetic waves at distinct wavelengths. Hence, it is imperative to extract water bodies and burnt areas from orthorectified tiles and correspondingly rank them using similarity measures. Different objects in all the spheres of the earth have the inherent capability of absorbing electromagnetic waves of distant wavelengths. This creates various unique masks in terms of reflectance on the receptor. We propose Dynamic Semantic Segmentation (DSS) algorithms that utilized the mentioned capability to extract and rank Advanced Wide Field Sensor (AWiFS) images according to various features. This system stores data intelligently in the form of a sparse feature vector which drastically mitigates the computational and spatial costs incurred for further analysis. The compressed source image is divided into chunks and stored in the database for quicker retrieval. This work is intended to utilize readily available and cost effective resources like AWiFS dataset instead of depending on advanced technologies like Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) for data which is scarce. 
### 39.Open Source Presentation Attack Detection Baseline for Iris Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10172.pdf)
> This paper proposes the first, known to us, open source presentation attack detection (PAD) solution to distinguish between authentic iris images (possibly wearing clear contact lenses) and irises with textured contact lenses. This software can serve as a baseline in various PAD evaluations, and also as an open-source platform with an up-to-date reference method for iris PAD. The software is written in C++ and uses only open source resources, such as OpenCV. The method does not require iris image segmentation and uses Binary Statistical Image Features (BSIF) to extract PAD-related features, which are classified by an ensemble of SVM classifiers. The SVM models attached to the current software have been trained with the NDCLD'15 database and the correct recognition rate exceeds 98%. However, the software implements the functionality of retraining the classifiers with any database of authentic and attack images. 
### 40.Generative replay with feedback connections as a general strategy for  continual learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10635.pdf)
> Standard artificial neural networks suffer from the well-known issue of catastrophic forgetting, making continual or lifelong learning problematic. Recently, numerous methods have been proposed for continual learning, but due to differences in evaluation protocols it is difficult to directly compare their performance. To enable more meaningful comparisons, we identified three distinct continual learning scenarios based on whether task identity is known and, if it is not, whether it needs to be inferred. Performing the split and permuted MNIST task protocols according to each of these scenarios, we found that regularization-based approaches (e.g., elastic weight consolidation) failed when task identity needed to be inferred. In contrast, generative replay combined with distillation (i.e., using class probabilities as "soft targets") achieved superior performance in all three scenarios. In addition, we reduced the computational cost of generative replay by integrating the generative model into the main model by equipping it with generative feedback connections. This Replay-through-Feedback approach substantially shortened training time with no or negligible loss in performance. We believe this to be an important first step towards making the powerful technique of generative replay scalable to real-world continual learning applications. 
### 41.Scalar Arithmetic Multiple Data: Customizable Precision for Deep Neural  Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10572.pdf)
> Quantization of weights and activations in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) is a powerful technique for network compression, and has enjoyed significant attention and success. However, much of the inference-time benefit of quantization is accessible only through the use of customized hardware accelerators or by providing an FPGA implementation of quantized arithmetic. <br />Building on prior work, we show how to construct arbitrary bit-precise signed and unsigned integer operations using a software technique which logically \emph{embeds} a vector architecture with custom bit-width lanes in universally available fixed-width scalar arithmetic. <br />We evaluate our approach on a high-end Intel Haswell processor, and an embedded ARM processor. Our approach yields very fast implementations of bit-precise custom DNN operations, which often match or exceed the performance of operations quantized to the sizes supported in native arithmetic. At the strongest level of quantization, our approach yields a maximum speedup of $\thicksim6\times$ on the Intel platform, and $\thicksim10\times$ on the ARM platform versus quantization to native 8-bit integers. 
### 42.Novel Sparse Recovery Algorithms for 3D Debris Localization using  Rotating Point Spread Function Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10541.pdf)
> An optical imager that exploits off-center image rotation to encode both the lateral and depth coordinates of point sources in a single snapshot can perform 3D localization and tracking of space debris. When actively illuminated, unresolved space debris, which can be regarded as a swarm of point sources, can scatter a fraction of laser irradiance back into the imaging sensor. Determining the source locations and fluxes is a large-scale sparse 3D inverse problem, for which we have developed efficient and effective algorithms based on sparse recovery using non-convex optimization. Numerical simulations illustrate the efficiency and stability of the algorithms. 
### 43.Learning to Train a Binary Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10463.pdf)
> Convolutional neural networks have achieved astonishing results in different application areas. Various methods which allow us to use these models on mobile and embedded devices have been proposed. Especially binary neural networks seem to be a promising approach for these devices with low computational power. However, understanding binary neural networks and training accurate models for practical applications remains a challenge. In our work, we focus on increasing our understanding of the training process and making it accessible to everyone. We publish our code and models based on BMXNet for everyone to use. Within this framework, we systematically evaluated different network architectures and hyperparameters to provide useful insights on how to train a binary neural network. Further, we present how we improved accuracy by increasing the number of connections in the network. 
### 44.Semantically Invariant Text-to-Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.10274.pdf)
> Image captioning has demonstrated models that are capable of generating plausible text given input images or videos. Further, recent work in image generation has shown significant improvements in image quality when text is used as a prior. Our work ties these concepts together by creating an architecture that can enable bidirectional generation of images and text. We call this network Multi-Modal Vector Representation (MMVR). Along with MMVR, we propose two improvements to the text conditioned image generation. Firstly, a n-gram metric based cost function is introduced that generalizes the caption with respect to the image. Secondly, multiple semantically similar sentences are shown to help in generating better images. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate that MMVR improves upon existing text conditioned image generation results by over 20%, while integrating visual and text modalities. 
