<!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
    <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
        <title>Mon, 3 Sep 2018</title>
        <link rel="icon" href="../../images/wechat.ico" type="image/x-icon"/>  
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/bootstrap.min.css">
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/site.css">
    </head>
    <body style="">
        <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
            <div class="container">
                <div class="navbar-header">
                    <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
                        <span class="icon-bar"></span>
                        <span class="icon-bar"></span>
                        <span class="icon-bar"></span>
                    </button>
                    <a href="/"  class="navbar-brand">Max Zhang</a>
                </div>
                <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
                    <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
                        <li><a href="/" >Home</a></li>
                        <li><a href="/about/">About</a></li>
                        <li><a href="/contact/" >Contact</a></li>
                    </ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    <div class="container body-content">
        
# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Mon, 3 Sep 2018
### 1.Fully Dense UNet for 2D Sparse Photoacoustic Tomography Artifact Removal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10848.pdf)
> Photoacoustic imaging is an emerging imaging modality that is based upon the photoacoustic effect. In photoacoustic tomography (PAT), the induced acoustic pressure waves are measured by an array of detectors and used to reconstruct an image of the initial pressure distribution. A common challenge faced in PAT is that the measured acoustic waves can only be sparsely sampled. Reconstructing sparsely sampled data using standard methods results in severe artifacts that obscure information within the image. We propose a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture termed Fully Dense UNet (FD-UNet) for removing artifacts from 2D PAT images reconstructed from sparse data and compare the proposed CNN with the standard UNet in terms of reconstructed image quality. 
### 2.Seeing Colors: Learning Semantic Text Encoding for Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10822.pdf)
> The question we answer with this work is: can we convert a text document into an image to exploit best image classification models to classify documents? To answer this question we present a novel text classification method which converts a text document into an encoded image, using word embedding and capabilities of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), successfully employed in image classification. We evaluate our approach by obtaining promising results on some well-known benchmark datasets for text classification. This work allows the application of many of the advanced CNN architectures developed for Computer Vision to Natural Language Processing. We test the proposed approach on a multi-modal dataset, proving that it is possible to use a single deep model to represent text and image in the same feature space. 
### 3.Spoofing PRNU Patterns of Iris Sensors while Preserving Iris Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10765.pdf)
> The principle of Photo Response Non-Uniformity (PRNU) is used to link an image with its source, i.e., the sensor that produced it. In this work, we investigate if it is possible to modify an iris image acquired using one sensor in order to spoof the PRNU noise pattern of a different sensor. In this regard, we develop an image perturbation routine that iteratively modifies blocks of pixels in the original iris image such that its PRNU pattern approaches that of a target sensor. Experiments indicate the efficacy of the proposed perturbation method in spoofing PRNU patterns present in an iris image whilst still retaining its biometric content. 
### 4.MobiBits: Multimodal Mobile Biometric Database  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10710.pdf)
> This paper presents a novel database comprising representations of five different biometric characteristics, collected in a mobile, unconstrained or semi-constrained setting with three different mobile devices, including characteristics previously unavailable in existing datasets, namely hand images, thermal hand images, and thermal face images, all acquired with a mobile, off-the-shelf device. In addition to this collection of data we perform an extensive set of experiments providing insight on benchmark recognition performance that can be achieved with these data, carried out with existing commercial and academic biometric solutions. This is the first known to us mobile biometric database introducing samples of biometric traits such as thermal hand images and thermal face images. We hope that this contribution will make a valuable addition to the already existing databases and enable new experiments and studies in the field of mobile authentication. The MobiBits database is made publicly available to the research community at no cost for non-commercial purposes. 
### 5.A Unified Mammogram Analysis Method via Hybrid Deep Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10646.pdf)
> Automatic mammogram classification and mass segmentation play a critical role in a computer-aided mammogram screening system. In this work, we present a unified mammogram analysis framework for both whole-mammogram classification and segmentation. Our model is designed based on a deep U-Net with residual connections, and equipped with the novel hybrid deep supervision (HDS) scheme for end-to-end multi-task learning. As an extension of deep supervision (DS), HDS not only can force the model to learn more discriminative features like DS, but also seamlessly integrates segmentation and classification tasks into one model, thus the model can benefit from both pixel-wise and image-wise supervisions. We extensively validate the proposed method on the widely-used INbreast dataset. Ablation study corroborates that pixel-wise and image-wise supervisions are mutually beneficial, evidencing the efficacy of HDS. The results of 5-fold cross validation indicate that our unified model matches state-of-the-art performance on both mammogram segmentation and classification tasks, which achieves an average segmentation Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.85 and a classification accuracy of 0.89. The code is available at <a href="https://github.com/angrypudding/hybrid-ds.">this https URL</a> 
### 6.Multi-Cell Multi-Task Convolutional Neural Networks for Diabetic  Retinopathy Grading Kang  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10564.pdf)
> Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) is a non-negligible eye disease among patients with Diabetes Mellitus, and automatic retinal image analysis algorithm for the DR screening is in high demand. Considering the resolution of retinal image is very high, where small pathological tissues can be detected only with large resolution image and large local receptive field are required to identify those late stage disease, but directly training a neural network with very deep architecture and high resolution image is both time computational expensive and difficult because of gradient vanishing/exploding problem, we propose a \textbf{Multi-Cell} architecture which gradually increases the depth of deep neural network and the resolution of input image, which both boosts the training time but also improves the classification accuracy. Further, considering the different stages of DR actually progress gradually, which means the labels of different stages are related. To considering the relationships of images with different stages, we propose a \textbf{Multi-Task} learning strategy which predicts the label with both classification and regression. Experimental results on the Kaggle dataset show that our method achieves a Kappa of 0.841 on test set which is the 4-th rank of all state-of-the-arts methods. Further, our Multi-Cell Multi-Task Convolutional Neural Networks (M$^2$CNN) solution is a general framework, which can be readily integrated with many other deep neural network architectures. 
### 7.LUCSS: Language-based User-customized Colourization of Scene Sketches  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10544.pdf)
> We introduce LUCSS, a language-based system for interactive col- orization of scene sketches, based on their semantic understanding. LUCSS is built upon deep neural networks trained via a large-scale repository of scene sketches and cartoon-style color images with text descriptions. It con- sists of three sequential modules. First, given a scene sketch, the segmenta- tion module automatically partitions an input sketch into individual object instances. Next, the captioning module generates the text description with spatial relationships based on the instance-level segmentation results. Fi- nally, the interactive colorization module allows users to edit the caption and produce colored images based on the altered caption. Our experiments show the effectiveness of our approach and the desirability of its compo- nents to alternative choices. 
### 8.Hallucinating Dense Optical Flow from Sparse Lidar for Autonomous  Vehicles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10542.pdf)
> In this paper we propose a novel approach to estimate dense optical flow from sparse lidar data acquired on an autonomous vehicle. This is intended to be used as a drop-in replacement of any image-based optical flow system when images are not reliable due to e.g. adverse weather conditions or at night. In order to infer high resolution 2D flows from discrete range data we devise a three-block architecture of multiscale filters that combines multiple intermediate objectives, both in the lidar and image domain. To train this network we introduce a dataset with approximately 20K lidar samples of the Kitti dataset which we have augmented with a pseudo ground-truth image-based optical flow computed using FlowNet2. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on Kitti, and show that despite using the low-resolution and sparse measurements of the lidar, we can regress dense optical flow maps which are at par with those estimated with image-based methods. 
### 9.Total Recall: Understanding Traffic Signs using Deep Hierarchical  Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10524.pdf)
> Recognizing Traffic Signs using intelligent systems can drastically reduce the number of accidents happening world-wide. With the arrival of Self-driving cars it has become a staple challenge to solve the automatic recognition of Traffic and Hand-held signs in the major streets. Various machine learning techniques like Random Forest, SVM as well as deep learning models has been proposed for classifying traffic signs. Though they reach state-of-the-art performance on a particular data-set, but fall short of tackling multiple Traffic Sign Recognition benchmarks. In this paper, we propose a novel and one-for-all architecture that aces multiple benchmarks with better overall score than the state-of-the-art architectures. Our model is made of residual convolutional blocks with hierarchical dilated skip connections joined in steps. With this we score 99.33% Accuracy in German sign recognition benchmark and 99.17% Accuracy in Belgian traffic sign classification benchmark. Moreover, we propose a newly devised dilated residual learning representation technique which is very low in both memory and computational complexity. 
### 10.Open Source Dataset and Machine Learning Techniques for Automatic  Recognition of Historical Graffiti  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10862.pdf)
> Machine learning techniques are presented for automatic recognition of the historical letters (XI-XVIII centuries) carved on the stoned walls of St.Sophia cathedral in Kyiv (Ukraine). A new image dataset of these carved Glagolitic and Cyrillic letters (CGCL) was assembled and pre-processed for recognition and prediction by machine learning methods. The dataset consists of more than 4000 images for 34 types of letters. The explanatory data analysis of CGCL and notMNIST datasets shown that the carved letters can hardly be differentiated by dimensionality reduction methods, for example, by t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (tSNE) due to the worse letter representation by stone carving in comparison to hand writing. The multinomial logistic regression (MLR) and a 2D convolutional neural network (CNN) models were applied. The MLR model demonstrated the area under curve (AUC) values for receiver operating characteristic (ROC) are not lower than 0.92 and 0.60 for notMNIST and CGCL, respectively. The CNN model gave AUC values close to 0.99 for both notMNIST and CGCL (despite the much smaller size and quality of CGCL in comparison to notMNIST) under condition of the high lossy data augmentation. CGCL dataset was published to be available for the data science community as an open source resource. 
### 11.Automatic Lung Cancer Prediction from Chest X-ray Images Using Deep  Learning Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10858.pdf)
> Since, cancer is curable when diagnosed at an early stage, lung cancer screening plays an important role in preventive care. Although both low dose computed tomography (LDCT) and computed tomography (CT) scans provide more medical information than normal chest x-rays, there is very limited access to these technologies in rural areas. Recently, there is a trend in using computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) to assist in screening and diagnosing of cancer from biomedical images. In this study, the 121-layer convolutional neural network also known as DenseNet-121 by G. Huang et. al., along with the transfer learning scheme was explored as a means to classify lung cancer using chest X-ray images. The model was trained on a lung nodules dataset before training on the lung cancer dataset to alleviate the problem of a small dataset. The proposed model yields 74.43$\pm$6.01\% of mean accuracy, 74.96$\pm$9.85\% of mean specificity, and 74.68$\pm$15.33\% of mean sensitivity. The proposed model also provides a heatmap for identifying the location of the lung nodule. These findings are promising for further development of chest x-ray-based lung cancer diagnosis using the deep learning approach. Moreover, these findings solve the problem of small dataset. 
### 12.Gibson Env: Real-World Perception for Embodied Agents  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10654.pdf)
> Developing visual perception models for active agents and sensorimotor control are cumbersome to be done in the physical world, as existing algorithms are too slow to efficiently learn in real-time and robots are fragile and costly. This has given rise to learning-in-simulation which consequently casts a question on whether the results transfer to real-world. In this paper, we are concerned with the problem of developing real-world perception for active agents, propose Gibson Virtual Environment for this purpose, and showcase sample perceptual tasks learned therein. Gibson is based on virtualizing real spaces, rather than using artificially designed ones, and currently includes over 1400 floor spaces from 572 full buildings. The main characteristics of Gibson are: I. being from the real-world and reflecting its semantic complexity, II. having an internal synthesis mechanism, "Goggles", enabling deploying the trained models in real-world without needing further domain adaptation, III. embodiment of agents and making them subject to constraints of physics and space. 
### 13.Learning to Describe Differences Between Pairs of Similar Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.10584.pdf)
> In this paper, we introduce the task of automatically generating text to describe the differences between two similar images. We collect a new dataset by crowd-sourcing difference descriptions for pairs of image frames extracted from video-surveillance footage. Annotators were asked to succinctly describe all the differences in a short paragraph. As a result, our novel dataset provides an opportunity to explore models that align language and vision, and capture visual salience. The dataset may also be a useful benchmark for coherent multi-sentence generation. We perform a firstpass visual analysis that exposes clusters of differing pixels as a proxy for object-level differences. We propose a model that captures visual salience by using a latent variable to align clusters of differing pixels with output sentences. We find that, for both single-sentence generation and as well as multi-sentence generation, the proposed model outperforms the models that use attention alone. 
### 14.A MapReduce based Big-data Framework for Object Extraction from Mosaic  Satellite Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.08528.pdf)
> We propose a framework stitching of vector representations of large scale raster mosaic images in distributed computing model. In this way, the negative effect of the lack of resources of the central system and scalability problem can be eliminated. The product obtained by this study can be used in applications requiring spatial and temporal analysis on big satellite map images. This study also shows that big data frameworks are not only used in applications of text-based data mining and machine learning algorithms, but also used in applications of algorithms in image processing. The effectiveness of the product realized with this project is also going to be proven by scalability and performance tests performed on real world LandSat-8 satellite images. 
