# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Mon, 17 Sep 2018
### 1.Elastic Registration of Geodesic Vascular Graphs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05499.pdf)
> Vascular graphs can embed a number of high-level features, from morphological parameters, to functional biomarkers, and represent an invaluable tool for longitudinal and cross-sectional clinical inference. This, however, is only feasible when graphs are co-registered together, allowing coherent multiple comparisons. The robust registration of vascular topologies stands therefore as key enabling technology for group-wise analyses. In this work, we present an end-to-end vascular graph registration approach, that aligns networks with non-linear geometries and topological deformations, by introducing a novel overconnected geodesic vascular graph formulation, and without enforcing any anatomical prior constraint. The 3D elastic graph registration is then performed with state-of-the-art graph matching methods used in computer vision. Promising results of vascular matching are found using graphs from synthetic and real angiographies. Observations and future designs are discussed towards potential clinical applications. 
### 2.Real Time System for Facial Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05474.pdf)
> In this paper we describe the anatomy of a real-time facial analysis system. The system recognizes the age, gender and facial expression from users in appearing in front of the camera. All components are based on convolutional neural networks, whose accuracy we study on commonly used training and evaluation sets. A key contribution of the work is the description of the interplay between processing threads for frame grabbing, face detection and the three types of recognition. The python code for executing the system uses common libraries--keras/tensorflow, opencv and dlib--and is available for download. 
### 3.Style Augmentation: Data Augmentation via Style Randomization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05375.pdf)
> We introduce style augmentation, a new form of data augmentation based on random style transfer, for improving the robustness of convolutional neural networks (CNN) over both classification and regression based tasks. During training, our style augmentation randomizes texture, contrast and color, while preserving shape and semantic content. This is accomplished by adapting an arbitrary style transfer network to perform style randomization, by sampling input style embeddings from a multivariate normal distribution instead of inferring them from a style image. In addition to standard classification experiments, we investigate the effect of style augmentation (and data augmentation generally) on domain transfer tasks. We find that data augmentation significantly improves robustness to domain shift, and can be used as a simple, domain agnostic alternative to domain adaptation. Comparing style augmentation against a mix of seven traditional augmentation techniques, we find that it can be readily combined with them to improve network performance. We validate the efficacy of our technique with domain transfer experiments in classification and monocular depth estimation, illustrating consistent improvements in generalization. 
### 4.Multi-Kernel Diffusion CNNs for Graph-Based Learning on Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05370.pdf)
> Graph convolutional networks are a new promising learning approach to deal with data on irregular domains. They are predestined to overcome certain limitations of conventional grid-based architectures and will enable efficient handling of point clouds or related graphical data representations, e.g. superpixel graphs. Learning feature extractors and classifiers on 3D point clouds is still an underdeveloped area and has potential restrictions to equal graph topologies. In this work, we derive a new architectural design that combines rotationally and topologically invariant graph diffusion operators and node-wise feature learning through 1x1 convolutions. By combining multiple isotropic diffusion operations based on the Laplace-Beltrami operator, we can learn an optimal linear combination of diffusion kernels for effective feature propagation across nodes on an irregular graph. We validated our approach for learning point descriptors as well as semantic classification on real 3D point clouds of human poses and demonstrate an improvement from 85% to 95% in Dice overlap with our multi-kernel approach. 
### 5.Adaptive Sampling Towards Fast Graph Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05343.pdf)
> Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have become a crucial tool on learning representations of graph vertices. The main challenge of adapting GCNs on large-scale graphs is the scalability issue that it incurs heavy cost both in computation and memory due to the uncontrollable neighborhood expansion across layers. In this paper, we accelerate the training of GCNs through developing an adaptive layer-wise sampling method. By constructing the network layer by layer in a top-down passway, we sample the lower layer conditioned on the top one, where the sampled neighborhoods are shared by different parent nodes and the over expansion is avoided owing to the fixed-size sampling. More importantly, the proposed sampler is adaptive and applicable for explicit variance reduction, which in turn enhances the training of our method. Furthermore, we propose a novel and economical approach to promote the message passing over distant nodes by applying skip connections. Intensive experiments on several benchmarks verify the effectiveness of our method regarding the classification accuracy while enjoying faster convergence speed. 
### 6.A Domain Agnostic Normalization Layer for Unsupervised Adversarial  Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05298.pdf)
> We propose a normalization layer for unsupervised domain adaption in semantic scene segmentation. Normalization layers are known to improve convergence and generalization and are part of many state-of-the-art fully-convolutional neural networks. We show that conventional normalization layers worsen the performance of current Unsupervised Adversarial Domain Adaption (UADA), which is a method to improve network performance on unlabeled datasets and the focus of our research. Therefore, we propose a novel Domain Agnostic Normalization layer and thereby unlock the benefits of normalization layers for unsupervised adversarial domain adaptation. In our evaluation, we adapt from the synthetic GTA5 data set to the real Cityscapes data set, a common benchmark experiment, and surpass the state-of-the-art. As our normalization layer is domain agnostic at test time, we furthermore demonstrate that UADA using Domain Agnostic Normalization improves performance on unseen domains, specifically on Apolloscape and Mapillary. 
### 7.Deep CNN Frame Interpolation with Lessons Learned from Natural Language  Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05286.pdf)
> A major area of growth within deep learning has been the study and implementation of convolutional neural networks. The general explanation within the deep learning community of the robustness of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) within image recognition rests upon the idea that CNNs are able to extract localized features. However, recent developments in fields such as Natural Language Processing are demonstrating that this paradigm may be incorrect. In this paper, we analyze the current state of the field concerning CNN's and present a hypothesis that provides a novel explanation for the robustness of CNN models. From there, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by presenting novel deep CNN frame interpolation architecture that is comparable to the state of the art interpolation models with a fraction of the complexity. 
### 8.Keypoint Based Weakly Supervised Human Parsing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05285.pdf)
> Fully convolutional networks (FCN) have achieved great success in human parsing in recent years. In conventional human parsing tasks, pixel-level labeling is required for guiding the training, which usually involves enormous human labeling efforts. To ease the labeling efforts, we propose a novel weakly supervised human parsing method which only requires simple object keypoint annotations for learning. We develop an iterative learning method to generate pseudo part segmentation masks from keypoint labels. With these pseudo masks, we train an FCN network to output pixel-level human parsing predictions. Furthermore, we develop a correlation network to perform joint prediction of part and object segmentation masks and improve the segmentation performance. The experiment results show that our weakly supervised method is able to achieve very competitive human parsing results. Despite our method only uses simple keypoint annotations for learning, we are able to achieve comparable performance with fully supervised methods which use the expensive pixel-level annotations. 
### 9.VoxelMorph: A Learning Framework for Deformable Medical Image  Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05231.pdf)
> We present VoxelMorph, a fast, unsupervised, learning-based algorithm for deformable pairwise medical image registration. Traditional registration methods optimize an objective function independently for each pair of images, which is time-consuming for large datasets. We define registration as a parametric function, implemented as a convolutional neural network (CNN). We optimize its global parameters given a set of images from a collection of interest. Given a new pair of scans, VoxelMorph rapidly computes a deformation field by directly evaluating the function. Our model is flexible, enabling the use of any differentiable objective function to optimize these parameters. In this work, we propose and extensively evaluate a standard image matching objective function as well as an objective function that can use auxiliary data such as anatomical segmentations available only at training time. We demonstrate that the unsupervised model's accuracy is comparable to state-of-the-art methods, while operating orders of magnitude faster. We also show that VoxelMorph trained with auxiliary data significantly improves registration accuracy at test time. Our method promises to significantly speed up medical image analysis and processing pipelines, while facilitating novel directions in learning-based registration and its applications. Our code is freely available at voxelmorph.csail.mit.edu. 
### 10.Enhanced Optic Disk and Cup Segmentation with Glaucoma Screening from  Fundus Images using Position encoded CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05216.pdf)
> In this manuscript, we present a robust method for glaucoma screening from fundus images using an ensemble of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The pipeline comprises of first segmenting the optic disk and optic cup from the fundus image, then extracting a patch centered around the optic disk and subsequently feeding to the classification network to differentiate the image as diseased or healthy. In the segmentation network, apart from the image, we make use of spatial co-ordinate (X \&amp; Y) space so as to learn the structure of interest better. The classification network is composed of a DenseNet201 and a ResNet18 which were pre-trained on a large cohort of natural images. On the REFUGE validation data (n=400), the segmentation network achieved a dice score of 0.88 and 0.64 for optic disc and optic cup respectively. For the tasking differentiating images affected with glaucoma from healthy images, the area under the ROC curve was observed to be 0.85. 
### 11.A Time Series Graph Cut Image Segmentation Scheme for Liver Tumors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05210.pdf)
> Tumor detection in biomedical imaging is a time-consuming process for medical professionals and is not without errors. Thus in recent decades, researchers have developed algorithmic techniques for image processing using a wide variety of mathematical methods, such as statistical modeling, variational techniques, and machine learning. In this paper, we propose a semi-automatic method for liver segmentation of 2D CT scans into three labels denoting healthy, vessel, or tumor tissue based on graph cuts. First, we create a feature vector for each pixel in a novel way that consists of the 59 intensity values in the time series data and propose a simplified perimeter cost term in the energy functional. We normalize the data and perimeter terms in the functional to expedite the graph cut without having to optimize the scaling parameter $\lambda$. In place of a training process, predetermined tissue means are computed based on sample regions identified by expert radiologists. The proposed method also has the advantage of being relatively simple to implement computationally. It was evaluated against the ground truth on a clinical CT dataset of 10 tumors and yielded segmentations with a mean Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of .77 and mean volume overlap error (VOE) of 36.7%. The average processing time was 1.25 minutes per slice. 
### 12.BPE and computer-extracted parenchymal enhancement for breast cancer  risk, response monitoring, and prognosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05510.pdf)
> Functional behavior of breast cancer - representing underlying biology - can be analyzed using MRI. The most widely used breast MR imaging protocol is dynamic contrast-enhanced T1-weighted imaging. The cancer enhances on dynamic contrast-enhanced MR imaging because the contrast agent leaks from the leaky vessels into the interstitial space. The contrast agent subsequently leaks back into the vascular space, creating a washout effect. The normal parenchymal tissue of the breast can also enhance after contrast injection. This enhancement generally increases over time. Typically, a radiologist assesses this background parenchymal enhancement (BPE) using the Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS). According to the BI-RADS, BPE refers to the volume of enhancement and the intensity of enhancement and is divided in four incremental categories: minimal, mild, moderate, and marked. <br />Researchers have developed semi-automatic and automatic methods to extract properties of BPE from MR images. For clarity, in this syllabus the BI-RADS definition will be referred to as BPE, whereas the computer-extracted properties will not. Both BPE and computer-extracted parenchymal enhancement properties have been linked to screening and diagnosis, hormone status and age, risk of development of breast cancer, response monitoring, and prognosis. 
### 13.MoSculp: Interactive Visualization of Shape and Time  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05491.pdf)
> We present a system that allows users to visualize complex human motion via 3D motion sculptures---a representation that conveys the 3D structure swept by a human body as it moves through space. Given an input video, our system computes the motion sculptures and provides a user interface for rendering it in different styles, including the options to insert the sculpture back into the original video, render it in a synthetic scene or physically print it. <br />To provide this end-to-end workflow, we introduce an algorithm that estimates that human's 3D geometry over time from a set of 2D images and develop a 3D-aware image-based rendering approach that embeds the sculpture back into the scene. By automating the process, our system takes motion sculpture creation out of the realm of professional artists, and makes it applicable to a wide range of existing video material. <br />By providing viewers with 3D information, motion sculptures reveal space-time motion information that is difficult to perceive with the naked eye, and allow viewers to interpret how different parts of the object interact over time. We validate the effectiveness of this approach with user studies, finding that our motion sculpture visualizations are significantly more informative about motion than existing stroboscopic and space-time visualization methods. 
### 14.Socially Aware Kalman Neural Networks for Trajectory Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05408.pdf)
> Trajectory prediction is a critical technique in the navigation of robots and autonomous vehicles. However, the complex traffic and dynamic uncertainties yield challenges in the effectiveness and robustness in modeling. We purpose a data-driven approach socially aware Kalman neural networks (SAKNN) where the interaction layer and the Kalman layer are embedded in the architecture, resulting in a class of architectures with huge potential to directly learn from high variance sensor input and robustly generate low variance outcomes. The evaluation of our approach on NGSIM dataset demonstrates that SAKNN performs state-of-the-art on prediction effectiveness in a relatively long-term horizon and significantly improves the signal-to-noise ratio of the predicted signal. 
### 15.SCORES: Shape Composition with Recursive Substructure Priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05398.pdf)
> We introduce SCORES, a recursive neural network for shape composition. Our network takes as input sets of parts from two or more source 3D shapes and a rough initial placement of the parts. It outputs an optimized part structure for the composed shape, leading to high-quality geometry construction. A unique feature of our composition network is that it is not merely learning how to connect parts. Our goal is to produce a coherent and plausible 3D shape, despite large incompatibilities among the input parts. The network may significantly alter the geometry and structure of the input parts and synthesize a novel shape structure based on the inputs, while adding or removing parts to minimize a structure plausibility loss. We design SCORES as a recursive autoencoder network. During encoding, the input parts are recursively grouped to generate a root code. During synthesis, the root code is decoded, recursively, to produce a new, coherent part assembly. Assembled shape structures may be novel, with little global resemblance to training exemplars, yet have plausible substructures. SCORES therefore learns a hierarchical substructure shape prior based on per-node losses. It is trained on structured shapes from ShapeNet, and is applied iteratively to reduce the plausibility loss.We showresults of shape composition from multiple sources over different categories of man-made shapes and compare with state-of-the-art alternatives, demonstrating that our network can significantly expand the range of composable shapes for assembly-based modeling. 
### 16.Efficient Rank Minimization via Solving Non-convexPenalties by Iterative  Shrinkage-Thresholding Algorithm  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05292.pdf)
> Rank minimization (RM) is a wildly investigated task of finding solutions by exploiting low-rank structure of parameter matrices. Recently, solving RM problem by leveraging non-convex relaxations has received significant attention. It has been demonstrated by some theoretical and experimental work that non-convex relaxation, e.g. Truncated Nuclear Norm Regularization (TNNR) and Reweighted Nuclear Norm Regularization (RNNR), can provide a better approximation of original problems than convex relaxations. However, designing an efficient algorithm with theoretical guarantee remains a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a simple but efficient proximal-type method, namely Iterative Shrinkage-Thresholding Algorithm(ISTA), with concrete analysis to solve rank minimization problems with both non-convex weighted and reweighted nuclear norm as low-rank regularizers. Theoretically, the proposed method could converge to the critical point under very mild assumptions with the rate in the order of $O(1/T)$. Moreover, the experimental results on both synthetic data and real world data sets show that proposed algorithm outperforms state-of-arts in both efficiency and accuracy. 
### 17.Detection-by-Localization: Maintenance-Free Change Object Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05267.pdf)
> Recent researches demonstrate that self-localization performance is a very useful measure of likelihood-of-change (LoC) for change detection. In this paper, this "detection-by-localization" scheme is studied in a novel generalized task of object-level change detection. In our framework, a given query image is segmented into object-level subimages (termed "scene parts"), which are then converted to subimage-level pixel-wise LoC maps via the detection-by-localization scheme. Our approach models a self-localization system as a ranking function, outputting a ranked list of reference images, without requiring relevance score. Thanks to this new setting, we can generalize our approach to a broad class of self-localization systems. Our ranking based self-localization model allows to fuse self-localization results from different modalities via an unsupervised rank fusion derived from a field of multi-modal information retrieval (MMR). 
### 18.A Variational Observation Model of 3D Object for Probabilistic Semantic  SLAM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05225.pdf)
> We present a Bayesian object observation model for complete probabilistic semantic SLAM. Recent studies on object detection and feature extraction have become important for scene understanding and 3D mapping. However, 3D shape of the object is too complex to formulate the probabilistic observation model; therefore, performing the Bayesian inference of the object-oriented features as well as their pose is less considered. Besides, when the robot equipped with an RGB mono camera only observes the projected single view of an object, a significant amount of the 3D shape information is abandoned. Due to these limitations, semantic SLAM and viewpoint-independent loop closure using volumetric 3D object shape is challenging. In order to enable the complete formulation of probabilistic semantic SLAM, we approximate the observation model of a 3D object with a tractable distribution. We also estimate the variational likelihood from the 2D image of the object to exploit its observed single view. In order to evaluate the proposed method, we perform pose and feature estimation, and demonstrate that the automatic loop closure works seamlessly without additional loop detector in various environments. 
### 19.Defensive Dropout for Hardening Deep Neural Networks under Adversarial  Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05165.pdf)
> Deep neural networks (DNNs) are known vulnerable to adversarial attacks. That is, adversarial examples, obtained by adding delicately crafted distortions onto original legal inputs, can mislead a DNN to classify them as any target labels. This work provides a solution to hardening DNNs under adversarial attacks through defensive dropout. Besides using dropout during training for the best test accuracy, we propose to use dropout also at test time to achieve strong defense effects. We consider the problem of building robust DNNs as an attacker-defender two-player game, where the attacker and the defender know each others' strategies and try to optimize their own strategies towards an equilibrium. Based on the observations of the effect of test dropout rate on test accuracy and attack success rate, we propose a defensive dropout algorithm to determine an optimal test dropout rate given the neural network model and the attacker's strategy for generating adversarial examples.We also investigate the mechanism behind the outstanding defense effects achieved by the proposed defensive dropout. Comparing with stochastic activation pruning (SAP), another defense method through introducing randomness into the DNN model, we find that our defensive dropout achieves much larger variances of the gradients, which is the key for the improved defense effects (much lower attack success rate). For example, our defensive dropout can reduce the attack success rate from 100% to 13.89% under the currently strongest attack i.e., C&amp;W attack on MNIST dataset. 
