# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Mon, 10 Sep 2018
### 1.Accelerating Deep Neural Networks with Spatial Bottleneck Modules  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02601.pdf)
> This paper presents an efficient module named spatial bottleneck for accelerating the convolutional layers in deep neural networks. The core idea is to decompose convolution into two stages, which first reduce the spatial resolution of the feature map, and then restore it to the desired size. This operation decreases the sampling density in the spatial domain, which is independent yet complementary to network acceleration approaches in the channel domain. Using different sampling rates, we can tradeoff between recognition accuracy and model complexity. <br />As a basic building block, spatial bottleneck can be used to replace any single convolutional layer, or the combination of two convolutional layers. We empirically verify the effectiveness of spatial bottleneck by applying it to the deep residual networks. Spatial bottleneck achieves 2x and 1.4x speedup on the regular and channel-bottlenecked residual blocks, respectively, with the accuracies retained in recognizing low-resolution images, and even improved in recognizing high-resolution images. 
### 2.Skin lesion classification with ensemble of squeeze-and-excitation  networks and semi-supervised learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02568.pdf)
> In this report, we introduce the outline of our system in Task 3: Disease Classification of ISIC 2018: Skin Lesion Analysis Towards Melanoma Detection. We fine-tuned multiple pre-trained neural network models based on Squeeze-and-Excitation Networks (SENet) which achieved state-of-the-art results in the field of image recognition. In addition, we used the mean teachers as a semi-supervised learning framework and introduced some specially designed data augmentation strategies for skin lesion analysis. We confirmed our data augmentation strategy improved classification performance and demonstrated 87.2% in balanced accuracy on the official ISIC2018 validation dataset. 
### 3.A Deeper Look at 3D Shape Classifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02560.pdf)
> We investigate the role of representations and architectures for classifying 3D shapes in terms of their computational efficiency, generalization, and robustness to adversarial transformations. By varying the number of training examples and employing cross-modal transfer learning we study the role of initialization of existing deep architectures for 3D shape classification. Our analysis shows that multiview methods continue to offer the best generalization even without pretraining on large labeled image datasets, and even when trained on simplified inputs such as binary silhouettes. Furthermore, the performance of voxel-based 3D convolutional networks and point-based architectures can be improved via cross-modal transfer from image representations. Finally, we analyze the robustness of 3D shape classifiers to adversarial transformations and present a novel approach for generating adversarial perturbations of a 3D shape for multiview classifiers using a differentiable renderer. We find that point-based networks are more robust to point position perturbations while voxel-based and multiview networks are easily fooled with the addition of imperceptible noise to the input. 
### 4.On the Importance of Visual Context for Data Augmentation in Scene  Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02492.pdf)
> Performing data augmentation for learning deep neural networks is known to be important for training visual recognition systems. By artificially increasing the number of training examples, it helps reducing overfitting and improves generalization. While simple image transformations such as changing color intensity or adding random noise can already improve predictive performance in most vision tasks, larger gains can be obtained by leveraging task-specific prior knowledge. In this work, we consider object detection and semantic segmentation and augment the training images by blending objects in existing scenes, using instance segmentation annotations. We observe that randomly pasting objects on images hurts the performance, unless the object is placed in the right context. To resolve this issue, we propose an explicit context model by using a convolutional neural network, which predicts whether an image region is suitable for placing a given object or not. In our experiments, we show that by using copy-paste data augmentation with context guidance we are able to improve detection and segmentation on the PASCAL VOC12 and COCO datasets, with significant gains when few labeled examples are available. We also show that the method is not limited to datasets that come with expensive pixel-wise instance annotations and can be used when only bounding box annotations are available, by employing weakly-supervised learning for instance masks approximation. 
### 5.Infinite Curriculum Learning for Efficiently Detecting Gastric Ulcers in  WCE Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02371.pdf)
> The Wireless Capsule Endoscopy (WCE) is becoming a popular way of screening gastrointestinal system diseases and cancer. However, the time-consuming process in inspecting WCE data limits its applications and increases the cost of examinations. This paper considers WCE-based gastric ulcer detection, in which the major challenge is to detect the lesions in a local region. We propose an approach named infinite curriculum learning, which generalizes curriculum learning to an infinite sampling space by approximately measuring the difficulty of each patch by its scale. This allows us to adapt our model from local patches to global images gradually, leading to a consistent accuracy gain. Experiments are performed on a large dataset with more than 3 million WCE images. Our approach achieves a binary classification accuracy of 87%, and is able to detect some lesions mis-annotated by the physicians. In a real-world application, our approach can reduce the workload of a physician by 90%-98% in gastric ulcer screening. 
### 6.Information-Theoretic Active Learning for Content-Based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02337.pdf)
> We propose Information-Theoretic Active Learning (ITAL), a novel batch-mode active learning method for binary classification, and apply it for acquiring meaningful user feedback in the context of content-based image retrieval. Instead of combining different heuristics such as uncertainty, diversity, or density, our method is based on maximizing the mutual information between the predicted relevance of the images and the expected user feedback regarding the selected batch. We propose suitable approximations to this computationally demanding problem and also integrate an explicit model of user behavior that accounts for possible incorrect labels and unnameable instances. Furthermore, our approach does not only take the structure of the data but also the expected model output change caused by the user feedback into account. In contrast to other methods, ITAL turns out to be highly flexible and provides state-of-the-art performance across various datasets, such as MIRFLICKR and ImageNet. 
### 7.Predicting Lung Nodule Malignancies by Combining Deep Convolutional  Neural Network and Handcrafted Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02333.pdf)
> To predict lung nodule malignancy with a high sensitivity and specificity, we propose a fusion algorithm that combines handcrafted features (HF) into the features learned at the output layer of a 3D deep convolutional neural network (CNN). First, we extracted twenty-nine handcrafted features, including nine intensity features, eight geometric features, and twelve texture features based on grey-level co-occurrence matrix (GLCM) averaged from thirteen directions. We then trained 3D CNNs modified from three state-of-the-art 2D CNN architectures (AlexNet, VGG-16 Net and Multi-crop Net) to extract the CNN features learned at the output layer. For each 3D CNN, the CNN features combined with the 29 handcrafted features were used as the input for the support vector machine (SVM) coupled with the sequential forward feature selection (SFS) method to select the optimal feature subset and construct the classifiers. The fusion algorithm takes full advantage of the handcrafted features and the highest level CNN features learned at the output layer. It can overcome the disadvantage of the handcrafted features that may not fully reflect the unique characteristics of a particular lesion by combining the intrinsic CNN features. Meanwhile, it also alleviates the requirement of a large scale annotated dataset for the CNNs based on the complementary of handcrafted features. The patient cohort includes 431 malignant nodules and 795 benign nodules extracted from the LIDC/IDRI database. For each investigated CNN architecture, the proposed fusion algorithm achieved the highest AUC, accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity scores among all competitive classification models. 
### 8.Neurons Merging Layer: Towards Progressive Redundancy Reduction for Deep  Supervised Hashing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02302.pdf)
> Deep supervised hashing has become an active topic in web search and information retrieval. It generates hashing bits by the output neurons of a deep hashing network. During binary discretization, there often exists much redundancy among hashing bits that degenerates retrieval performance in terms of both storage and accuracy. This paper formulates the redundancy problem in deep supervised hashing as a graph learning problem and proposes a novel layer, named Neurons Merging Layer (NMLayer). The NMLayer constructs a graph to model the adjacency relationship among different neurons. Specifically, it learns the relationship by the defined active and frozen phases. According to the learned relationship, the NMLayer merges the redundant neurons together to balance the importance of each output neuron. Based on the NMLayer, we further propose a progressive optimization strategy for training a deep hashing network. That is, multiple NMLayers are progressively trained to learn a more compact hashing code from a long redundant code. Extensive experiments on four datasets demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art hashing methods. 
### 9.Computation of Total Kidney Volume from CT images in Autosomal Dominant  Polycystic Kidney Disease using Multi-Task 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02268.pdf)
> Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease (ADPKD) characterized by progressive growth of renal cysts is the most prevalent and potentially lethal monogenic renal disease, affecting one in every 500-100 people. Total Kidney Volume (TKV) and its growth computed from Computed Tomography images has been accepted as an essential prognostic marker for renal function loss. Due to large variation in shape and size of kidney in ADPKD, existing methods to compute TKV (i.e. to segment ADKP) including those based on 2D convolutional neural networks are not accurate enough to be directly useful in clinical practice. In this work, we propose multi-task 3D Convolutional Neural Networks to segment ADPK and achieve a mean DICE score of 0.95 and mean absolute percentage TKV error of 3.86. Additionally, to solve the challenge of class imbalance, we propose to simply bootstrap cross entropy loss and compare results with recently prevalent dice loss in medical image segmentation community. 
### 10.BubGAN: Bubble Generative Adversarial Networks for Synthesizing  Realistic Bubbly Flow Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02266.pdf)
> Bubble segmentation and size detection algorithms have been developed in recent years for their high efficiency and accuracy in measuring bubbly two-phase flows. In this work, we proposed an architecture called bubble generative adversarial networks (BubGAN) for the generation of realistic synthetic images which could be further used as training or benchmarking data for the development of advanced image processing algorithms. The BubGAN is trained initially on a labeled bubble dataset consisting of ten thousand images. By learning the distribution of these bubbles, the BubGAN can generate more realistic bubbles compared to the conventional models used in the literature. The trained BubGAN is conditioned on bubble feature parameters and has full control of bubble properties in terms of aspect ratio, rotation angle, circularity and edge ratio. A million bubble dataset is pre-generated using the trained BubGAN. One can then assemble realistic bubbly flow images using this dataset and associated image processing tool. These images contain detailed bubble information, therefore do not require additional manual labeling. This is more useful compared with the conventional GAN which generates images without labeling information. The tool could be used to provide benchmarking and training data for existing image processing algorithms and to guide the future development of bubble detecting algorithms. 
### 11.Representing Images in 200 Bytes: Compression via Triangulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02257.pdf)
> A rapidly increasing portion of internet traffic is dominated by requests from mobile devices with limited and metered bandwidth constraints. To satisfy these requests, it has become standard practice for websites to transmit small and extremely compressed image previews as part of the initial page load process to improve responsiveness. Increasing thumbnail compression beyond the capabilities of existing codecs is therefore an active research direction. In this work, we concentrate on extreme compression rates, where the size of the image is typically 200 bytes or less. First, we propose a novel approach for image compression that, unlike commonly used methods, does not rely on block-based statistics. We use an approach based on an adaptive triangulation of the target image, devoting more triangles to high entropy regions of the image. Second, we present a novel algorithm for encoding the triangles. The results show favorable statistics, in terms of PSNR and SSIM, over both the JPEG and the WebP standards. 
### 12.Obstacle Detection Quality as a Problem-Oriented Approach to Stereo  Vision Algorithms Estimation in Road Situation Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02228.pdf)
> In this work we present a method for performance evaluation of stereo vision based obstacle detection techniques that takes into account the specifics of road situation analysis to minimize the effort required to prepare a test dataset. This approach has been designed to be implemented in systems such as self-driving cars or driver assistance and can also be used as problem-oriented quality criterion for evaluation of stereo vision algorithms. 
### 13.Content-based Propagation of User Markings for Interactive Segmentation  of Patterned Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02226.pdf)
> Efficient and easy segmentation of images and volumes is of great practical importance. Segmentation problems which motivate our approach originate from imaging commonly used in materials science and medicine. We formulate image segmentation as a probabilistic pixel classification problem, and we apply segmentation as a step towards characterising image content. Our method allows the user to define structures of interest by interactively marking a subset of pixels. Thanks to the real-time feedback, the user can place new markings strategically, depending on the current outcome. The final pixel classification may be obtained from a very modest user input. An important ingredient of our method is a graph that encodes image content. This graph is built in an unsupervised manner during initialisation, and is based on clustering of image features. Since we combine a limited amount of user-labelled data with the clustering information obtained from the unlabelled parts of the image, our method fits in the general framework of semi-supervised learning. We demonstrate how this can be a very efficient approach to segmentation through pixel classification. 
### 14.2PFPCE: Two-Phase Filter Pruning Based on Conditional Entropy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02220.pdf)
> Deep Convolutional Neural Networks~(CNNs) offer remarkable performance of classifications and regressions in many high-dimensional problems and have been widely utilized in real-word cognitive applications. However, high computational cost of CNNs greatly hinder their deployment in resource-constrained applications, real-time systems and edge computing platforms. To overcome this challenge, we propose a novel filter-pruning framework, two-phase filter pruning based on conditional entropy, namely \textit{2PFPCE}, to compress the CNN models and reduce the inference time with marginal performance degradation. In our proposed method, we formulate filter pruning process as an optimization problem and propose a novel filter selection criteria measured by conditional entropy. Based on the assumption that the representation of neurons shall be evenly distributed, we also develop a maximum-entropy filter freeze technique that can reduce over fitting. Two filter pruning strategies -- global and layer-wise strategies, are compared. Our experiment result shows that combining these two strategies can achieve a higher neural network compression ratio than applying only one of them under the same accuracy drop threshold. Two-phase pruning, that is, combining both global and layer-wise strategies, achieves 10 X FLOPs reduction and 46% inference time reduction on VGG-16, with 2% accuracy drop. 
### 15.Multi-Adversarial Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02176.pdf)
> Recent advances in deep domain adaptation reveal that adversarial learning can be embedded into deep networks to learn transferable features that reduce distribution discrepancy between the source and target domains. Existing domain adversarial adaptation methods based on single domain discriminator only align the source and target data distributions without exploiting the complex multimode structures. In this paper, we present a multi-adversarial domain adaptation (MADA) approach, which captures multimode structures to enable fine-grained alignment of different data distributions based on multiple domain discriminators. The adaptation can be achieved by stochastic gradient descent with the gradients computed by back-propagation in linear-time. Empirical evidence demonstrates that the proposed model outperforms state of the art methods on standard domain adaptation datasets. 
### 16.Turning a Blind Eye: Explicit Removal of Biases and Variation from Deep  Neural Network Embeddings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02169.pdf)
> Neural networks achieve the state-of-the-art in image classification tasks. However, they can encode spurious variations or biases that may be present in the training data. For example, training an age predictor on a dataset that is not balanced for gender can lead to gender biased predicitons (e.g. wrongly predicting that males are older if only elderly males are in the training set). We present two distinct contributions: 1) An algorithm that can remove multiple sources of variation from the feature representation of a network. We demonstrate that this algorithm can be used to remove biases from the feature representation, and thereby improve classification accuracies, when training networks on extremely biased datasets. 2) An ancestral origin database of 14,000 images of individuals from East Asia, the Indian subcontinent, sub-Saharan Africa, and Western Europe. We demonstrate on this dataset, for a number of facial attribute classification tasks, that we are able to remove racial biases from the network feature representation. 
### 17.Deep Learning for Generic Object Detection: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02165.pdf)
> Generic object detection, aiming at locating object instances from a large number of predefined categories in natural images, is one of the most fundamental and challenging problems in computer vision. Deep learning techniques have emerged in recent years as powerful methods for learning feature representations directly from data, and have led to remarkable breakthroughs in the field of generic object detection. Given this time of rapid evolution, the goal of this paper is to provide a comprehensive survey of the recent achievements in this field brought by deep learning techniques. More than 250 key contributions are included in this survey, covering many aspects of generic object detection research: leading detection frameworks and fundamental subproblems including object feature representation, object proposal generation, context information modeling and training strategies; evaluation issues, specifically benchmark datasets, evaluation metrics, and state of the art performance. We finish by identifying promising directions for future research. 
### 18.Self-Supervised Generation of Spatial Audio for 360 Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02587.pdf)
> We introduce an approach to convert mono audio recorded by a 360 video camera into spatial audio, a representation of the distribution of sound over the full viewing sphere. Spatial audio is an important component of immersive 360 video viewing, but spatial audio microphones are still rare in current 360 video production. Our system consists of end-to-end trainable neural networks that separate individual sound sources and localize them on the viewing sphere, conditioned on multi-modal analysis of audio and 360 video frames. We introduce several datasets, including one filmed ourselves, and one collected in-the-wild from YouTube, consisting of 360 videos uploaded with spatial audio. During training, ground-truth spatial audio serves as self-supervision and a mixed down mono track forms the input to our network. Using our approach, we show that it is possible to infer the spatial location of sound sources based only on 360 video and a mono audio track. 
### 19.Optimizing deep video representation to match brain activity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02440.pdf)
> The comparison of observed brain activity with the statistics generated by artificial intelligence systems is useful to probe brain functional organization under ecological conditions. Here we study fMRI activity in ten subjects watching color natural movies and compute deep representations of these movies with an architecture that relies on optical flow and image content. The association of activity in visual areas with the different layers of the deep architecture displays complexity-related contrasts across visual areas and reveals a striking foveal/peripheral dichotomy. 
### 20.A simple probabilistic deep generative model for learning generalizable  disentangled representations from grouped data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02383.pdf)
> The disentangling problem is to discover multiple complex factors of variations hidden in data. One recent approach is to take a dataset with grouping structure and separately estimate a factor common within a group (content) and a factor specific to each group member (transformation). Notably, this approach can learn to represent a continuous space of contents, which allows for generalization to data with unseen contents. In this study, we aim at cultivating this approach within probabilistic deep generative models. Motivated by technical complication in existing group-based methods, we propose a simpler probabilistic method, called group-contrastive variational autoencoders. Despite its simplicity, our approach achieves reasonable disentanglement with generalizability for three grouped datasets of 3D object images. In comparison with a previous model, although conventional qualitative evaluation shows little difference, our qualitative evaluation using few-shot classification exhibits superior performances for some datasets. We analyze the content representations from different methods and discuss their transformation-dependency and potential performance impacts. 
### 21.Scaling Video Analytics Systems to Large Camera Deployments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02318.pdf)
> New computer vision techniques, which enable accurate extraction of insights from videos, and the deployment of cameras en masse have made many previously inconceivable applications possible. Scaling video analytics to massive camera deployments, however, presents a tremendous challenge, as cost and resource consumption grow proportionally to the number of camera feeds. This paper is driven by a simple question: can we scale video analytics in such a way that cost grows sub-linearly (or even remains constant) as we deploy more cameras, while the accuracy of the analytics remains stable (or even improves)? We believe the answer is yes. Our key insight is that as cameras are densely installed in a physical space, their video feeds become increasingly correlated with each other, correlations that can be harnessed to improve the cost efficiency and accuracy of multi-camera video analytics. By explaining use-cases and technical challenges, we shed light on the potential of leveraging cross-camera correlations to scale out video analytics to many cameras, and call on the community to unlock this potential. 
### 22.Tensor Ring Decomposition with Rank Minimization on Latent Space: An  Efficient Approach for Tensor Completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02288.pdf)
> In tensor completion tasks, the traditional low-rank tensor decomposition models suffer from laborious model selection problem due to high model sensitivity. Especially for tensor ring (TR) decomposition, the number of model possibility grows exponentially with the tensor order, which makes it rather challenging to find the optimal TR decomposition. In this paper, by exploiting the low-rank structure on TR latent space, we propose a novel tensor completion method, which is robust to model selection. In contrast to imposing low-rank constraint on the data space, we introduce nuclear norm regularization on the latent TR factors, resulting in that the optimization step using singular value decomposition (SVD) can be performed at a much smaller scale. By leveraging the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) scheme, the latent TR factors with optimal rank and the recovered tensor can be obtained simultaneously. Our proposed algorithm effectively alleviates the burden of TR-rank selection, therefore the computational cost is greatly reduced. The extensive experimental results on synthetic data and real-world data demonstrate the superior high performance and efficiency of the proposed approach against the state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 23.Object Hallucination in Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02156.pdf)
> Despite continuously improving performance, contemporary image captioning models are prone to "hallucinating" objects that are not actually in a scene. One problem is that standard metrics only measure similarity to ground truth captions and may not fully capture image relevance. In this work, we propose a new image relevance metric to evaluate current models with veridical visual labels and assess their rate of object hallucination. We analyze how captioning model architectures and learning objectives contribute to object hallucination, explore when hallucination is likely due to image misclassification or language priors, and assess how well current sentence metrics capture object hallucination. We investigate these questions on the standard image caption- ing benchmark, MSCOCO, using a diverse set of models. Our analysis yields several interesting findings, including that models which score best on standard sentence metrics do not always have lower hallucination and that models which hallucinate more tend to make errors driven by language priors. 
