# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Thu, 13 Sep 2018
### 1.Unpaired Brain MR-to-CT Synthesis using a Structure-Constrained CycleGAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04536.pdf)
> The cycleGAN is becoming an influential method in medical image synthesis. However, due to a lack of direct constraints between input and synthetic images, the cycleGAN cannot guarantee structural consistency between these two images, and such consistency is of extreme importance in medical imaging. To overcome this, we propose a structure-constrained cycleGAN for brain MR-to-CT synthesis using unpaired data that defines an extra structure-consistency loss based on the modality independent neighborhood descriptor to constrain structural consistency. Additionally, we use a position-based selection strategy for selecting training images instead of a completely random selection scheme. Experimental results on synthesizing CT images from brain MR images demonstrate that our method is better than the conventional cycleGAN and approximates the cycleGAN trained with paired data. 
### 2.Image contrast enhancement using fuzzy logic  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04529.pdf)
> Image enhancement is a method of improving the quality of an image and contrast is a major aspect. Traditional methods of contrast enhancement like histogram equalization results in over/under enhancement of the image especially a lower resolution one. This paper aims at developing a new Fuzzy Inference System to enhance the contrast of the low resolution images overcoming the shortcomings of the traditional methods. Results obtained using both the approaches are compared. 
### 3.Joint Sub-bands Learning with Clique Structures for Wavelet Domain  Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04508.pdf)
> Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently achieved great success in single-image super-resolution (SISR). However, these methods tend to produce over-smoothed outputs and miss some textural details. To solve these problems, we propose the Super-Resolution CliqueNet (SRCliqueNet) to reconstruct the high resolution (HR) image with better textural details in the wavelet domain. The proposed SRCliqueNet firstly extracts a set of feature maps from the low resolution (LR) image by the clique blocks group. Then we send the set of feature maps to the clique up-sampling module to reconstruct the HR image. The clique up-sampling module consists of four sub-nets which predict the high resolution wavelet coefficients of four sub-bands. Since we consider the edge feature properties of four sub-bands, the four sub-nets are connected to the others so that they can learn the coefficients of four sub-bands jointly. Finally we apply inverse discrete wavelet transform (IDWT) to the output of four sub-nets at the end of the clique up-sampling module to increase the resolution and reconstruct the HR image. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments on benchmark datasets show that our method achieves superior performance over the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 4.The Visual QA Devil in the Details: The Impact of Early Fusion and Batch  Norm on CLEVR  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04482.pdf)
> Visual QA is a pivotal challenge for higher-level reasoning, requiring understanding language, vision, and relationships between many objects in a scene. Although datasets like CLEVR are designed to be unsolvable without such complex relational reasoning, some surprisingly simple feed-forward, "holistic" models have recently shown strong performance on this dataset. These models lack any kind of explicit iterative, symbolic reasoning procedure, which are hypothesized to be necessary for counting objects, narrowing down the set of relevant objects based on several attributes, etc. The reason for this strong performance is poorly understood. Hence, our work analyzes such models, and finds that minor architectural elements are crucial to performance. In particular, we find that \textit{early fusion} of language and vision provides large performance improvements. This contrasts with the late fusion approaches popular at the dawn of Visual QA. We propose a simple module we call Multimodal Core, which we hypothesize performs the fundamental operations for multimodal tasks. We believe that understanding why these elements are so important to complex question answering will aid the design of better-performing algorithms for Visual QA while minimizing hand-engineering effort. 
### 5.Learning structure-from-motionfrom motion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04471.pdf)
> This work is based on a questioning of the quality metrics used by deep neural networks performing depth prediction from a single image, and then of the usability of recently published works on unsupervised learning of depth from videos. To overcome their limitations, we propose to learn in the same unsupervised manner a depth map inference system from monocular videos that takes a pair of images as input. This algorithm actually learns structure-from-motion from motion, and not only structure from context appearance. The scale factor issue is explicitly treated, and the absolute depth map can be estimated from camera displacement magnitude, which can be easily measured from cheap external sensors. Our solution is also much more robust with respect to domain variation and adaptation via fine tuning, because it does not rely entirely in depth from context. Two use cases are considered, unstabilized moving camera videos, and stabilized ones. This choice is motivated by the UAV (for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle) use case that generally provides reliable orientation measurement. We provide a set of experiments showing that, used in real conditions where only speed can be known, our network outperforms competitors for most depth quality measures. Results are given on the well known KITTI dataset, which provides robust stabilization for our second use case, but also contains moving scenes which are very typical of the in-car road context. We then present results on a synthetic dataset that we believe to be more representative of typical UAV scenes. Lastly, we present two domain adaptation use cases showing superior robustness of our method compared to single view depth algorithms, which indicates that it is better suited for highly variable visual contexts. 
### 6.Multi range Real-time depth inference from a monocular stabilized  footage using a Fully Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04467.pdf)
> Using a neural network architecture for depth map inference from monocular stabilized videos with application to UAV videos in rigid scenes, we propose a multi-range architecture for unconstrained UAV flight, leveraging flight data from sensors to make accurate depth maps for uncluttered outdoor environment. <br />We try our algorithm on both synthetic scenes and real UAV flight data. Quantitative results are given for synthetic scenes with a slightly noisy orientation, and show that our multi-range architecture improves depth inference. <br />Along with this article is a video that present our results more thoroughly. 
### 7.End-to-end depth from motion with stabilized monocular videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04453.pdf)
> We propose a depth map inference system from monocular videos based on a novel dataset for navigation that mimics aerial footage from gimbal stabilized monocular camera in rigid scenes. Unlike most navigation datasets, the lack of rotation implies an easier structure from motion problem which can be leveraged for different kinds of tasks such as depth inference and obstacle avoidance. We also propose an architecture for end-to-end depth inference with a fully convolutional network. Results show that although tied to camera inner parameters, the problem is locally solvable and leads to good quality depth prediction. 
### 8.Deep learning to achieve clinically applicable segmentation of head and  neck anatomy for radiotherapy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04430.pdf)
> Over half a million individuals are diagnosed with head and neck cancer each year worldwide. Radiotherapy is an important curative treatment for this disease, but it requires manually intensive delineation of radiosensitive organs at risk (OARs). This planning process can delay treatment commencement. While auto-segmentation algorithms offer a potentially time-saving solution, the challenges in defining, quantifying and achieving expert performance remain. Adopting a deep learning approach, we demonstrate a 3D U-Net architecture that achieves performance similar to experts in delineating a wide range of head and neck OARs. The model was trained on a dataset of 663 deidentified computed tomography (CT) scans acquired in routine clinical practice and segmented according to consensus OAR definitions. We demonstrate its generalisability through application to an independent test set of 24 CT scans available from The Cancer Imaging Archive collected at multiple international sites previously unseen to the model, each segmented by two independent experts and consisting of 21 OARs commonly segmented in clinical practice. With appropriate validation studies and regulatory approvals, this system could improve the effectiveness of radiotherapy pathways. 
### 9.Real-time Multiple People Tracking with Deeply Learned Candidate  Selection and Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04427.pdf)
> Online multi-object tracking is a fundamental problem in time-critical video analysis applications. A major challenge in the popular tracking-by-detection framework is how to associate unreliable detection results with existing tracks. In this paper, we propose to handle unreliable detection by collecting candidates from outputs of both detection and tracking. The intuition behind generating redundant candidates is that detection and tracks can complement each other in different scenarios. Detection results of high confidence prevent tracking drifts in the long term, and predictions of tracks can handle noisy detection caused by occlusion. In order to apply optimal selection from a considerable amount of candidates in real-time, we present a novel scoring function based on a fully convolutional neural network, that shares most computations on the entire image. Moreover, we adopt a deeply learned appearance representation, which is trained on large-scale person re-identification datasets, to improve the identification ability of our tracker. Extensive experiments show that our tracker achieves real-time and state-of-the-art performance on a widely used people tracking benchmark. 
### 10.Label Denoising with Large Ensembles of Heterogeneous Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04403.pdf)
> Despite recent advances in computer vision based on various convolutional architectures, video understanding remains an important challenge. In this work, we present and discuss a top solution for the large-scale video classification (labeling) problem introduced as a Kaggle competition based on the YouTube-8M dataset. We show and compare different approaches to preprocessing, data augmentation, model architectures, and model combination. Our final model is based on a large ensemble of video- and frame-level models but fits into rather limiting hardware constraints. We apply an approach based on knowledge distillation to deal with noisy labels in the original dataset and the recently developed mixup technique to improve the basic models. 
### 11.Thermal Features for Presentation Attack Detection in Hand Biometrics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04364.pdf)
> This paper proposes a method for utilizing thermal features of the hand for the purpose of presentation attack detection (PAD) that can be employed in a hand biometrics system's pipeline. By envisaging two different operational modes of our system, and by employing a DCNN-based classifiers fine-tuned with a dataset of real and fake hand representations captured in both visible and ther- mal spectrum, we were able to bring two important deliverables. First, a PAD method operating in an open-set mode, capable of correctly discerning 100% of fake thermal samples, achieving Attack Presentation Classification Error Rate (APCER) and Bona-Fide Presentation Classification Error Rate (BPCER) equal to 0%, which can be easily implemented into any existing system as a separate component. Second, a hand biometrics system operating in a closed-set mode, that has PAD built right into the recognition pipeline, and operating simultaneously with the user-wise classification, achieving rank-1 recognition accuracy of up to 99.75%. We also show that thermal images of the human hand, in addition to liveness features they carry, can also improve classification accuracy of a biometric system, when coupled with visible light images. To follow the reproducibility guidelines and to stimulate further research in this area, we share the trained model weights, source codes, and a newly created dataset of fake hand representations with interested researchers. 
### 12.The Wisdom of MaSSeS: Majority, Subjectivity, and Semantic Similarity in  the Evaluation of VQA  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04344.pdf)
> We introduce MASSES, a simple evaluation metric for the task of Visual Question Answering (VQA). In its standard form, the VQA task is operationalized as follows: Given an image and an open-ended question in natural language, systems are required to provide a suitable answer. Currently, model performance is evaluated by means of a somehow simplistic metric: If the predicted answer is chosen by at least 3 human annotators out of 10, then it is 100% correct. Though intuitively valuable, this metric has some important limitations. First, it ignores whether the predicted answer is the one selected by the Majority (MA) of annotators. Second, it does not account for the quantitative Subjectivity (S) of the answers in the sample (and dataset). Third, information about the Semantic Similarity (SES) of the responses is completely neglected. Based on such limitations, we propose a multi-component metric that accounts for all these issues. We show that our metric is effective in providing a more fine-grained evaluation both on the quantitative and qualitative level. 
### 13.Learning regression and verification networks for long-term visual  tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04320.pdf)
> In the long-term single object tracking task, the target moves out of view frequently. It is difficult to determine the presence of the target and re-search the target in the entire image. In this paper, we circumvent this issue by introducing a collaborative framework that exploits both matching mechanism and discriminative features to account for target identification and image-wide re-detection. Within the proposed collaborative framework, we develop a matching based regression module and a classification based verification module for long-term visual tracking. In the regression module, we present a regressor that conducts matching learning and copes with drastic appearance changes. In the verification module, we propose a classifier that filters out distractions efficiently. Compared to previous long-term trackers, the proposed tracker is able to track the target object more robustly in long-term sequences. Extensive experiments show that our algorithm achieves state-of-the-art results on several datasets. 
### 14.Joint Segmentation and Uncertainty Visualization of Retinal Layers in  Optical Coherence Tomography Images using Bayesian Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04282.pdf)
> Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is commonly used to analyze retinal layers for assessment of ocular diseases. In this paper, we propose a method for retinal layer segmentation and quantification of uncertainty based on Bayesian deep learning. Our method not only performs end-to-end segmentation of retinal layers, but also gives the pixel wise uncertainty measure of the segmentation output. The generated uncertainty map can be used to identify erroneously segmented image regions which is useful in downstream analysis. We have validated our method on a dataset of 1487 images obtained from 15 subjects (OCT volumes) and compared it against the state-of-the-art segmentation algorithms that does not take uncertainty into account. The proposed uncertainty based segmentation method results in comparable or improved performance, and most importantly is more robust against noise. 
### 15.Ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks for Automatic Grading of  Diabetic Retinopathy and Macular Edema  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04228.pdf)
> In this manuscript, we automate the procedure of grading of diabetic retinopathy and macular edema from fundus images using an ensemble of convolutional neural networks. The availability of limited amount of labeled data to perform supervised learning was circumvented by using transfer learning approach. The models in the ensemble were pre-trained on a large dataset comprising natural images and were later fine-tuned with the limited data for the task of choice. For an image, the ensemble of classifiers generate multiple predictions, and a max-voting based approach was utilized to attain the final grade of the anomaly in the image. For the task of grading DR, on the test data (n=56), the ensemble achieved an accuracy of 83.9\%, while for the task for grading macular edema the network achieved an accuracy of 95.45% (n=44). 
### 16.Hyperspectral Image Classification in the Presence of Noisy Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04212.pdf)
> Label information plays an important role in supervised hyperspectral image classification problem. However, current classification methods all ignore an important and inevitable problem---labels may be corrupted and collecting clean labels for training samples is difficult, and often impractical. Therefore, how to learn from the database with noisy labels is a problem of great practical importance. In this paper, we study the influence of label noise on hyperspectral image classification, and develop a random label propagation algorithm (RLPA) to cleanse the label noise. The key idea of RLPA is to exploit knowledge (e.g., the superpixel based spectral-spatial constraints) from the observed hyperspectral images and apply it to the process of label propagation. Specifically, RLPA first constructs a spectral-spatial probability transfer matrix (SSPTM) that simultaneously considers the spectral similarity and superpixel based spatial information. It then randomly chooses some training samples as "clean" samples and sets the rest as unlabeled samples, and propagates the label information from the "clean" samples to the rest unlabeled samples with the SSPTM. By repeating the random assignment (of "clean" labeled samples and unlabeled samples) and propagation, we can obtain multiple labels for each training sample. Therefore, the final propagated label can be calculated by a majority vote algorithm. Experimental studies show that RLPA can reduce the level of noisy label and demonstrates the advantages of our proposed method over four major classifiers with a significant margin---the gains in terms of the average OA, AA, Kappa are impressive, e.g., 9.18%, 9.58%, and 0.1043. The Matlab source code is available at <a href="https://github.com/junjun-jiang/RLPA">this https URL</a> 
### 17.Discovering Low-Precision Networks Close to Full-Precision Networks for  Efficient Embedded Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04191.pdf)
> To realize the promise of ubiquitous embedded deep network inference, it is essential to seek limits of energy and area efficiency. To this end, low-precision networks offer tremendous promise because both energy and area scale down quadratically with the reduction in precision. Here, for the first time, we demonstrate ResNet-18, ResNet-34, ResNet-50, ResNet-152, Inception-v3, densenet-161, and VGG-16bn networks on the ImageNet classification benchmark that, at 8-bit precision exceed the accuracy of the full-precision baseline networks after one epoch of finetuning, thereby leveraging the availability of pretrained models. We also demonstrate for the first time ResNet-18, ResNet-34, and ResNet-50 4-bit models that match the accuracy of the full-precision baseline networks. Surprisingly, the weights of the low-precision networks are very close (in cosine similarity) to the weights of the corresponding baseline networks, making training from scratch unnecessary. <br />The number of iterations required by stochastic gradient descent to achieve a given training error is related to the square of (a) the distance of the initial solution from the final plus (b) the maximum variance of the gradient estimates. By drawing inspiration from this observation, we (a) reduce solution distance by starting with pretrained fp32 precision baseline networks and fine-tuning, and (b) combat noise introduced by quantizing weights and activations during training, by using larger batches along with matched learning rate annealing. Together, these two techniques offer a promising heuristic to discover low-precision networks, if they exist, close to fp32 precision baseline networks. 
### 18.Fourier-Domain Optimization for Image Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04187.pdf)
> Image optimization problems encompass many applications such as spectral fusion, deblurring, deconvolution, dehazing, matting, reflection removal and image interpolation, among others. With current image sizes in the order of megabytes, it is extremely expensive to run conventional algorithms such as gradient descent, making them unfavorable especially when closed-form solutions can be derived and computed efficiently. This paper explains in detail the framework for solving convex image optimization and deconvolution in the Fourier domain. We begin by explaining the mathematical background and motivating why the presented setups can be transformed and solved very efficiently in the Fourier domain. We also show how to practically use these solutions, by providing the corresponding implementations. The explanations are aimed at a broad audience with minimal knowledge of convolution and image optimization. The eager reader can jump to Section 3 for a footprint of how to solve and implement a sample optimization function, and Section 5 for the more complex cases. 
### 19.Deep Micro-Dictionary Learning and Coding Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04185.pdf)
> In this paper, we propose a novel Deep Micro-Dictionary Learning and Coding Network (DDLCN). DDLCN has most of the standard deep learning layers (pooling, fully, connected, input/output, etc.) but the main difference is that the fundamental convolutional layers are replaced by novel compound dictionary learning and coding layers. The dictionary learning layer learns an over-complete dictionary for the input training data. At the deep coding layer, a locality constraint is added to guarantee that the activated dictionary bases are close to each other. Next, the activated dictionary atoms are assembled together and passed to the next compound dictionary learning and coding layers. In this way, the activated atoms in the first layer can be represented by the deeper atoms in the second dictionary. Intuitively, the second dictionary is designed to learn the fine-grained components which are shared among the input dictionary atoms. In this way, a more informative and discriminative low-level representation of the dictionary atoms can be obtained. We empirically compare the proposed DDLCN with several dictionary learning methods and deep learning architectures. The experimental results on four popular benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed DDLCN achieves competitive results compared with state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 20.Searching for Efficient Multi-Scale Architectures for Dense Image  Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04184.pdf)
> The design of neural network architectures is an important component for achieving state-of-the-art performance with machine learning systems across a broad array of tasks. Much work has endeavored to design and build architectures automatically through clever construction of a search space paired with simple learning algorithms. Recent progress has demonstrated that such meta-learning methods may exceed scalable human-invented architectures on image classification tasks. An open question is the degree to which such methods may generalize to new domains. In this work we explore the construction of meta-learning techniques for dense image prediction focused on the tasks of scene parsing, person-part segmentation, and semantic image segmentation. Constructing viable search spaces in this domain is challenging because of the multi-scale representation of visual information and the necessity to operate on high resolution imagery. Based on a survey of techniques in dense image prediction, we construct a recursive search space and demonstrate that even with efficient random search, we can identify architectures that outperform human-invented architectures and achieve state-of-the-art performance on three dense prediction tasks including 82.7\% on Cityscapes (street scene parsing), 71.3\% on PASCAL-Person-Part (person-part segmentation), and 87.9\% on PASCAL VOC 2012 (semantic image segmentation). Additionally, the resulting architecture is more computationally efficient, requiring half the parameters and half the computational cost as previous state of the art systems. 
### 21.Iterative Segmentation from Limited Training Data: Applications to  Congenital Heart Disease  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04182.pdf)
> We propose a new iterative segmentation model which can be accurately learned from a small dataset. A common approach is to train a model to directly segment an image, requiring a large collection of manually annotated images to capture the anatomical variability in a cohort. In contrast, we develop a segmentation model that recursively evolves a segmentation in several steps, and implement it as a recurrent neural network. We learn model parameters by optimizing the interme- diate steps of the evolution in addition to the final segmentation. To this end, we train our segmentation propagation model by presenting incom- plete and/or inaccurate input segmentations paired with a recommended next step. Our work aims to alleviate challenges in segmenting heart structures from cardiac MRI for patients with congenital heart disease (CHD), which encompasses a range of morphological deformations and topological changes. We demonstrate the advantages of this approach on a dataset of 20 images from CHD patients, learning a model that accurately segments individual heart chambers and great vessels. Com- pared to direct segmentation, the iterative method yields more accurate segmentation for patients with the most severe CHD malformations. 
### 22.Intensity and Rescale Invariant Copy Move Forgery Detection Techniques  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04154.pdf)
> In this contemporary world digital media such as videos and images behave as an active medium to carry valuable information across the globe on all fronts. However there are several techniques evolved to tamper the image which has made their authenticity untrustworthy. CopyMove Forgery CMF is one of the most common forgeries present in an image where a cluster of pixels are duplicated in the same image with potential postprocessing techniques. Various state-of-art techniques are developed in the recent years which are effective in detecting passive image forgery. However most methods do fail when the copied image is rescaled or added with certain intensity before being pasted due to de-synchronization of pixels in the searching process. To tackle this problem the paper proposes distinct novel algorithms which recognize a unique approach of using Hus invariant moments and Discreet Cosine Transformations DCT to attain the desired rescale invariant and intensity invariant CMF detection techniques respectively. The experiments conducted quantitatively and qualitatively demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithm. 
### 23.End-to-end Image Captioning Exploits Multimodal Distributional  Similarity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04144.pdf)
> We hypothesize that end-to-end neural image captioning systems work seemingly well because they exploit and learn `distributional similarity' in a multimodal feature space by mapping a test image to similar training images in this space and generating a caption from the same space. To validate our hypothesis, we focus on the `image' side of image captioning, and vary the input image representation but keep the RNN text generation component of a CNN-RNN model constant. Our analysis indicates that image captioning models (i) are capable of separating structure from noisy input representations; (ii) suffer virtually no significant performance loss when a high dimensional representation is compressed to a lower dimensional space; (iii) cluster images with similar visual and linguistic information together. Our findings indicate that our distributional similarity hypothesis holds. We conclude that regardless of the image representation used image captioning systems seem to match images and generate captions in a learned joint image-text semantic subspace. 
### 24.JigsawNet: Shredded Image Reassembly using Convolutional Neural Network  and Loop-based Composition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04137.pdf)
> This paper proposes a novel algorithm to reassemble an arbitrarily shredded image to its original status. Existing reassembly pipelines commonly consist of a local matching stage and a global compositions stage. In the local stage, a key challenge in fragment reassembly is to reliably compute and identify correct pairwise matching, for which most existing algorithms use handcrafted features, and hence, cannot reliably handle complicated puzzles. We build a deep convolutional neural network to detect the compatibility of a pairwise stitching, and use it to prune computed pairwise matches. To improve the network efficiency and accuracy, we transfer the calculation of CNN to the stitching region and apply a boost training strategy. In the global composition stage, we modify the commonly adopted greedy edge selection strategies to two new loop closure based searching algorithms. Extensive experiments show that our algorithm significantly outperforms existing methods on solving various puzzles, especially those challenging ones with many fragment pieces. 
### 25.Magnetically Guided Capsule Endoscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04130.pdf)
> The following research undertakes a historical review of this technology with specific highlighting of its advancement in medical diagnostics as well as the therapeutic functionality of wireless capsule endoscopy. Without restriction to the gastrointestinal tract alone, the review will additionally investigate the developments in the technology of micro-robots guided through the magnetic power and are capable of navigating through multiple forms of air and fluid filled lumina as well as cavities within the body. All these capabilities are of use in the utilization of minimally invasive medicine. 
### 26.Taking a machine&#x27;s perspective: Human deciphering of adversarial images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04120.pdf)
> How similar is the human mind to the sophisticated machine-learning systems that mirror its performance? Models of object categorization based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved human-level benchmarks in assigning known labels to novel images. These advances support transformative technologies such as autonomous vehicles and machine diagnosis; beyond this, they also serve as candidate models for the visual system itself -- not only in their output but perhaps even in their underlying mechanisms and principles. However, unlike human vision, CNNs can be "fooled" by adversarial examples -- carefully crafted images that appear as nonsense patterns to humans but are recognized as familiar objects by machines, or that appear as one object to humans and a different object to machines. This seemingly extreme divergence between human and machine classification challenges the promise of these new advances, both as applied image-recognition systems and also as models of the human mind. Surprisingly, however, little work has empirically investigated human classification of such adversarial stimuli: Does human and machine performance fundamentally diverge? Or could humans decipher such images and predict the machine's preferred labels? Here, we show that human and machine classification of adversarial stimuli are robustly related: In seven experiments on five prominent and diverse adversarial imagesets, human subjects reliably identified the machine's chosen label over relevant foils. This pattern persisted for images with strong antecedent identities, and even for images described as "totally unrecognizable to human eyes". We suggest that human intuition may be a more reliable guide to machine (mis)classification than has typically been imagined, and we explore the consequences of this result for minds and machines alike. 
### 27.On the Structural Sensitivity of Deep Convolutional Networks to the  Directions of Fourier Basis Functions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04098.pdf)
> Data-agnostic quasi-imperceptible perturbations on inputs can severely degrade recognition accuracy of deep convolutional networks. This indicates some structural instability of their predictions and poses a potential security threat. However, characterization of the shared directions of such harmful perturbations remains unknown if they exist, which makes it difficult to address the security threat and performance degradation. Our primal finding is that convolutional networks are sensitive to the directions of Fourier basis functions. We derived the property by specializing a hypothesis of the cause of the sensitivity, known as the linearity of neural networks, to convolutional networks and empirically validated it. As a by-product of the analysis, we propose a fast algorithm to create shift-invariant universal adversarial perturbations available in black-box settings. 
### 28.Parallel Separable 3D Convolution for Video and Volumetric Data  Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04096.pdf)
> For video and volumetric data understanding, 3D convolution layers are widely used in deep learning, however, at the cost of increasing computation and training time. Recent works seek to replace the 3D convolution layer with convolution blocks, e.g. structured combinations of 2D and 1D convolution layers. In this paper, we propose a novel convolution block, Parallel Separable 3D Convolution (PmSCn), which applies m parallel streams of n 2D and one 1D convolution layers along different dimensions. We first mathematically justify the need of parallel streams (Pm) to replace a single 3D convolution layer through tensor decomposition. Then we jointly replace consecutive 3D convolution layers, common in modern network architectures, with the multiple 2D convolution layers (Cn). Lastly, we empirically show that PmSCn is applicable to different backbone architectures, such as ResNet, DenseNet, and UNet, for different applications, such as video action recognition, MRI brain segmentation, and electron microscopy segmentation. In all three applications, we replace the 3D convolution layers in state-of-the art models with PmSCn and achieve around 14% improvement in test performance and 40% reduction in model size and on average. 
### 29.Zoom: SSD-based Vector Search for Optimizing Accuracy, Latency and  Memory  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04067.pdf)
> With the advancement of machine learning and deep learning, vector search becomes instrumental to many information retrieval systems, to search and find best matches to user queries based on their semantic similarities.These online services require the search architecture to be both effective with high accuracy and efficient with low latency and memory footprint, which existing work fails to offer. We develop, Zoom, a new vector search solution that collaboratively optimizes accuracy, latency and memory based on a multiview approach. (1) A "preview" step generates a small set of good candidates, leveraging compressed vectors in memory for reduced footprint and fast lookup. (2) A "fullview" step on SSDs reranks those candidates with their full-length vector, striking high accuracy. Our evaluation shows that, Zoom achieves an order of magnitude improvements on efficiency while attaining equal or higher accuracy, comparing with the state-of-the-art. 
### 30.Game-Based Video-Context Dialogue  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04560.pdf)
> Current dialogue systems focus more on textual and speech context knowledge and are usually based on two speakers. Some recent work has investigated static image-based dialogue. However, several real-world human interactions also involve dynamic visual context (similar to videos) as well as dialogue exchanges among multiple speakers. To move closer towards such multimodal conversational skills and visually-situated applications, we introduce a new video-context, many-speaker dialogue dataset based on live-broadcast soccer game videos and chats from Twitch.tv. This challenging testbed allows us to develop visually-grounded dialogue models that should generate relevant temporal and spatial event language from the live video, while also being relevant to the chat history. For strong baselines, we also present several discriminative and generative models, e.g., based on tridirectional attention flow (TriDAF). We evaluate these models via retrieval ranking-recall, automatic phrase-matching metrics, as well as human evaluation studies. We also present dataset analyses, model ablations, and visualizations to understand the contribution of different modalities and model components. 
### 31.End-to-end Audiovisual Speech Activity Detection with Bimodal Recurrent  Neural Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04553.pdf)
> Speech activity detection (SAD) plays an important role in current speech processing systems, including automatic speech recognition (ASR). SAD is particularly difficult in environments with acoustic noise. A practical solution is to incorporate visual information, increasing the robustness of the SAD approach. An audiovisual system has the advantage of being robust to different speech modes (e.g., whisper speech) or background noise. Recent advances in audiovisual speech processing using deep learning have opened opportunities to capture in a principled way the temporal relationships between acoustic and visual features. This study explores this idea proposing a \emph{bimodal recurrent neural network} (BRNN) framework for SAD. The approach models the temporal dynamic of the sequential audiovisual data, improving the accuracy and robustness of the proposed SAD system. Instead of estimating hand-crafted features, the study investigates an end-to-end training approach, where acoustic and visual features are directly learned from the raw data during training. The experimental evaluation considers a large audiovisual corpus with over 60.8 hours of recordings, collected from 105 speakers. The results demonstrate that the proposed framework leads to absolute improvements up to 1.2% under practical scenarios over a VAD baseline using only audio implemented with deep neural network (DNN). The proposed approach achieves 92.7% F1-score when it is evaluated using the sensors from a portable tablet under noisy acoustic environment, which is only 1.0% lower than the performance obtained under ideal conditions (e.g., clean speech obtained with a high definition camera and a close-talking microphone). 
### 32.Clinically Deployed Distributed Magnetic Resonance Imaging  Reconstruction: Application to Pediatric Knee Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04195.pdf)
> Magnetic resonance imaging is capable of producing volumetric images without ionizing radiation. Nonetheless, long acquisitions lead to prohibitively long exams. Compressed sensing (CS) can enable faster scanning via sub-sampling with reduced artifacts. However, CS requires significantly higher reconstruction computation, limiting current clinical applications to 2D/3D or limited-resolution dynamic imaging. Here we analyze the practical limitations to T2 Shuffling, a four-dimensional CS-based acquisition, which provides sharp 3D-isotropic-resolution and multi-contrast images in a single scan. Our improvements to the pipeline on a single machine provide a 3x overall reconstruction speedup, which allowed us to add algorithmic changes improving image quality. Using four machines, we achieved additional 2.1x improvement through distributed parallelization. Our solution reduced the reconstruction time in the hospital to 90 seconds on a 4-node cluster, enabling its use clinically. To understand the implications of scaling this application, we simulated running our reconstructions with a multiple scanner setup typical in hospitals. 
### 33.Heated-Up Softmax Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04157.pdf)
> Metric learning aims at learning a distance which is consistent with the semantic meaning of the samples. The problem is generally solved by learning an embedding for each sample such that the embeddings of samples of the same category are compact while the embeddings of samples of different categories are spread-out in the feature space. We study the features extracted from the second last layer of a deep neural network based classifier trained with the cross entropy loss on top of the softmax layer. We show that training classifiers with different temperature values of softmax function leads to features with different levels of compactness. Leveraging these insights, we propose a "heating-up" strategy to train a classifier with increasing temperatures, leading the corresponding embeddings to achieve state-of-the-art performance on a variety of metric learning benchmarks. 
### 34.Simultaneous Localization and Layout Model Selection in Manhattan Worlds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04135.pdf)
> In this paper, we will demonstrate how Manhattan structure can be exploited to transform the Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) problem, which is typically solved by a nonlinear optimization over feature positions, into a model selection problem solved by a convex optimization over higher order layout structures, namely walls, floors, and ceilings. Furthermore, we show how our novel formulation leads to an optimization procedure that automatically performs data association and loop closure and which ultimately produces the simplest model of the environment that is consistent with the available measurements. We verify our method on real world data sets collected with various sensing modalities. 
### 35.FIVR: Fine-grained Incident Video Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.04094.pdf)
> This paper introduces the problem of Fine-grained Incident Video Retrieval (FIVR). Given a query video, the objective is to retrieve all associated videos, considering several types of association that range from duplicate videos to videos from the same incident. FIVR offers a single framework that contains as special cases several retrieval tasks. To address the benchmarking needs of all such tasks, we constructed and present a large-scale annotated video dataset, which we call FIVR-200K and it comprises 225,960 videos. To create the dataset, we devised a process for the collection of YouTube videos based on major events from recent years crawled from Wikipedia and deployed a retrieval pipeline for the automatic selection of query videos based on their estimated suitability as benchmarks. We also devised a protocol for the annotation of the dataset with respect to the four types of video association defined by FIVR. Finally, we report results of an experimental study on the dataset comparing a variety of state-of-the-art visual descriptors and aggregation techniques, highlighting the challenges of the problem at hand. 
