# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Tue, 11 Sep 2018
### 1.Deep Single-View 3D Object Reconstruction with Visual Hull Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03451.pdf)
> 3D object reconstruction is a fundamental task of many robotics and AI problems. With the aid of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), 3D object reconstruction has witnessed a significant progress in recent years. However, possibly due to the prohibitively high dimension of the 3D object space, the results from deep CNNs are often prone to missing some shape details. In this paper, we present an approach which aims to preserve more shape details and improve the reconstruction quality. The key idea of our method is to leverage object mask and pose estimation from CNNs to assist the 3D shape learning by constructing a probabilistic single-view visual hull inside of the network. Our method works by first predicting a coarse shape as well as the object pose and silhouette using CNNs, followed by a novel 3D refinement CNN which refines the coarse shapes using the constructed probabilistic visual hulls. Experiment on both synthetic data and real images show that embedding a single-view visual hull for shape refinement can significantly improve the reconstruction quality by recovering more shapes details and improving shape consistency with the input image. 
### 2.Inverse-Consistent Deep Networks for Unsupervised Deformable Image  Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03443.pdf)
> Deformable image registration is a fundamental task in medical image analysis, aiming to establish a dense and non-linear correspondence between a pair of images. Previous deep-learning studies usually employ supervised neural networks to directly learn the spatial transformation from one image to another, requiring task-specific ground-truth registration for model training. Due to the difficulty in collecting precise ground-truth registration, implementation of these supervised methods is practically challenging. Although several unsupervised networks have been recently developed, these methods usually ignore the inherent inverse-consistent property (essential for diffeomorphic mapping) of transformations between a pair of images. Also, existing approaches usually encourage the to-be-estimated transformation to be locally smooth via a smoothness constraint only, which could not completely avoid folding in the resulting transformation. To this end, we propose an Inverse-Consistent deep Network (ICNet) for unsupervised deformable image registration. Specifically, we develop an inverse-consistent constraint to encourage that a pair of images are symmetrically deformed toward one another, until both warped images are matched. Besides using the conventional smoothness constraint, we also propose an anti-folding constraint to further avoid folding in the transformation. The proposed method does not require any supervision information, while encouraging the diffeomoprhic property of the transformation via the proposed inverse-consistent and anti-folding constraints. We evaluate our method on T1-weighted brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans for tissue segmentation and anatomical landmark detection, with results demonstrating the superior performance of our ICNet over several state-of-the-art approaches for deformable image registration. Our code will be made publicly available. 
### 3.Learning to Zoom: a Saliency-Based Sampling Layer for Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03355.pdf)
> We introduce a saliency-based distortion layer for convolutional neural networks that helps to improve the spatial sampling of input data for a given task. Our differentiable layer can be added as a preprocessing block to existing task networks and trained altogether in an end-to-end fashion. The effect of the layer is to efficiently estimate how to sample from the original data in order to boost task performance. For example, for an image classification task in which the original data might range in size up to several megapixels, but where the desired input images to the task network are much smaller, our layer learns how best to sample from the underlying high resolution data in a manner which preserves task-relevant information better than uniform downsampling. This has the effect of creating distorted, caricature-like intermediate images, in which idiosyncratic elements of the image that improve task performance are zoomed and exaggerated. Unlike alternative approaches such as spatial transformer networks, our proposed layer is inspired by image saliency, computed efficiently from uniformly downsampled data, and degrades gracefully to a uniform sampling strategy under uncertainty. We apply our layer to improve existing networks for the tasks of human gaze estimation and fine-grained object classification. Code for our method is available in: <a href="http://github.com/recasens/Saliency-Sampler">this http URL</a> 
### 4.A Comparison of CNN-based Face and Head Detectors for Real-Time Video  Surveillance Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03336.pdf)
> Detecting faces and heads appearing in video feeds are challenging tasks in real-world video surveillance applications due to variations in appearance, occlusions and complex backgrounds. Recently, several CNN architectures have been proposed to increase the accuracy of detectors, although their computational complexity can be an issue, especially for real-time applications, where faces and heads must be detected live using high-resolution cameras. This paper compares the accuracy and complexity of state-of-the-art CNN architectures that are suitable for face and head detection. Single pass and region-based architectures are reviewed and compared empirically to baseline techniques according to accuracy and to time and memory complexity on images from several challenging datasets. The viability of these architectures is analyzed with real-time video surveillance applications in mind. Results suggest that, although CNN architectures can achieve a very high level of accuracy compared to traditional detectors, their computational cost can represent a limitation for many practical real-time applications. 
### 5.Interactive Binary Image Segmentation with Edge Preservation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03334.pdf)
> Binary image segmentation plays an important role in computer vision and has been widely used in many applications such as image and video editing, object extraction, and photo composition. In this paper, we propose a novel interactive binary image segmentation method based on the Markov Random Field (MRF) framework and the fast bilateral solver (FBS) technique. Specifically, we employ the geodesic distance component to build the unary term. To ensure both computation efficiency and effective responsiveness for interactive segmentation, superpixels are used in computing geodesic distances instead of pixels. Furthermore, we take a bilateral affinity approach for the pairwise term in order to preserve edge information and denoise. Through the alternating direction strategy, the MRF energy minimization problem is divided into two subproblems, which then can be easily solved by steepest gradient descent (SGD) and FBS respectively. Experimental results on the VGG interactive image segmentation dataset show that the proposed algorithm outperforms several state-of-the-art ones, and in particular, it can achieve satisfactory edge-smooth segmentation results even when the foreground and background color appearances are quite indistinctive. 
### 6.YouTube-VOS: A Large-Scale Video Object Segmentation Benchmark  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03327.pdf)
> Learning long-term spatial-temporal features are critical for many video analysis tasks. However, existing video segmentation methods predominantly rely on static image segmentation techniques, and methods capturing temporal dependency for segmentation have to depend on pretrained optical flow models, leading to suboptimal solutions for the problem. End-to-end sequential learning to explore spatialtemporal features for video segmentation is largely limited by the scale of available video segmentation datasets, i.e., even the largest video segmentation dataset only contains 90 short video clips. To solve this problem, we build a new large-scale video object segmentation dataset called YouTube Video Object Segmentation dataset (YouTube-VOS). Our dataset contains 4,453 YouTube video clips and 94 object categories. This is by far the largest video object segmentation dataset to our knowledge and has been released at <a href="http://youtube-vos.org.">this http URL</a> We further evaluate several existing state-of-the-art video object segmentation algorithms on this dataset which aims to establish baselines for the development of new algorithms in the future. 
### 7.A Stable Minutia Descriptor based on Gabor Wavelet and Linear  Discriminant Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03326.pdf)
> The minutia descriptor which describes characteristics of minutia, plays a major role in fingerprint recognition. Typically, fingerprint recognition systems employ minutia descriptors to find potential correspondence between minutiae, and they use similarity between two minutia descriptors to calculate overall similarity between two fingerprint images. A good minutia descriptor can improve recognition accuracy of fingerprint recognition system and largely reduce comparing time. A good minutia descriptor should have high ability to distinguish between different minutiae and at the same time should be robust in difficult conditions including poor quality image and small size image. It also should be effective in computational cost of similarity among descriptors. In this paper, a robust minutia descriptor is constructed using Gabor wavelet and linear discriminant analysis. This minutia descriptor has high distinguishing ability, stability and simple comparing method. Experimental results on FVC2004 and FVC2006 databases show that the proposed minutia descriptor is very effective in fingerprint recognition. 
### 8.Guiding the Creation of Deep Learning-based Object Detectors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03322.pdf)
> Object detection is a computer vision field that has applications in several contexts ranging from biomedicine and agriculture to security. In the last years, several deep learning techniques have greatly improved object detection models. Among those techniques, we can highlight the YOLO approach, that allows the construction of accurate models that can be employed in real-time applications. However, as most deep learning techniques, YOLO has a steep learning curve and creating models using this approach might be challenging for non-expert users. In this work, we tackle this problem by constructing a suite of Jupyter notebooks that democratizes the construction of object detection models using YOLO. The suitability of our approach has been proven with a dataset of stomata images where we have achieved a mAP of 90.91%. 
### 9.Towards Efficient Convolutional Neural Network for Domain-Specific  Applications on FPGA  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03318.pdf)
> FPGA becomes a popular technology for implementing Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) in recent years. Most CNN applications on FPGA are domain-specific, e.g., detecting objects from specific categories, in which commonly-used CNN models pre-trained on general datasets may not be efficient enough. This paper presents TuRF, an end-to-end CNN acceleration framework to efficiently deploy domain-specific applications on FPGA by transfer learning that adapts pre-trained models to specific domains, replacing standard convolution layers with efficient convolution blocks, and applying layer fusion to enhance hardware design performance. We evaluate TuRF by deploying a pre-trained VGG-16 model for a domain-specific image recognition task onto a Stratix V FPGA. Results show that designs generated by TuRF achieve better performance than prior methods for the original VGG-16 and ResNet-50 models, while for the optimised VGG-16 model TuRF designs are more accurate and easier to process. 
### 10.Hierarchical Video Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03316.pdf)
> We introduce a hierarchical architecture for video understanding that exploits the structure of real world actions by capturing targets at different levels of granularity. We design the model such that it first learns simpler coarse-grained tasks, and then moves on to learn more fine-grained targets. The model is trained with a joint loss on different granularity levels. We demonstrate empirical results on the recent release of Something-Something dataset, which provides a hierarchy of targets, namely coarse-grained action groups, fine-grained action categories, and captions. Experiments suggest that models that exploit targets at different levels of granularity achieve better performance on all levels. 
### 11.A Robotic Auto-Focus System based on Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03314.pdf)
> Considering its advantages in dealing with high-dimensional visual input and learning control policies in discrete domain, Deep Q Network (DQN) could be an alternative method of traditional auto-focus means in the future. In this paper, based on Deep Reinforcement Learning, we propose an end-to-end approach that can learn auto-focus policies from visual input and finish at a clear spot automatically. We demonstrate that our method - discretizing the action space with coarse to fine steps and applying DQN is not only a solution to auto-focus but also a general approach towards vision-based control problems. Separate phases of training in virtual and real environments are applied to obtain an effective model. Virtual experiments, which are carried out after the virtual training phase, indicates that our method could achieve 100% accuracy on a certain view with different focus range. Further training on real robots could eliminate the deviation between the simulator and real scenario, leading to reliable performances in real applications. 
### 12.A Global Alignment Kernel based Approach for Group-level Happiness  Intensity Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03313.pdf)
> With the progress in automatic human behavior understanding, analysing the perceived affect of multiple people has been recieved interest in affective computing community. Unlike conventional facial expression analysis, this paper primarily focuses on analysing the behaviour of multiple people in an image. The proposed method is based on support vector regression with the combined global alignment kernels (GAKs) to estimate the happiness intensity of a group of people. We first exploit Riesz-based volume local binary pattern (RVLBP) and deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based features for characterizing facial images. Furthermore, we propose to use the GAK for RVLBP and deep CNN features, respectively for explicitly measuring the similarity of two group-level images. Specifically, we exploit the global weight sort scheme to sort the face images from group-level image according to their spatial weights, making an efficient data structure to GAK. Lastly, we propose Multiple kernel learning based on three combination strategies for combining two respective GAKs based on RVLBP and deep CNN features, such that enhancing the discriminative ability of each GAK. Intensive experiments are performed on the challenging group-level happiness intensity database, namely HAPPEI. Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves promising performance for group happiness intensity analysis, when compared with the recent state-of-the-art methods. 
### 13.MANTIS: Model-Augmented Neural neTwork with Incoherent k-space Sampling  for efficient MR T2 mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03308.pdf)
> Quantitative mapping of magnetic resonance (MR) parameters have been shown as valuable methods for improved assessment of a range of diseases. Due to the need to image an anatomic structure multiple times, parameter mapping usually requires long scan times compared to conventional static imaging. Therefore, accelerated parameter mapping is highly-desirable and remains a topic of great interest in the MR research community. While many recent deep learning methods have focused on highly efficient image reconstruction for conventional static MR imaging, applications of deep learning for dynamic imaging and in particular accelerated parameter mapping have been limited. The purpose of this work was to develop and evaluate a novel deep learning-based reconstruction framework called Model-Augmented Neural neTwork with Incoherent k-space Sampling (MANTIS) for efficient MR parameter mapping. Our approach combines end-to-end CNN mapping with k-space consistency using the concept of cyclic loss to further enforce data and model fidelity. Incoherent k-space sampling is used to improve reconstruction performance. A physical model is incorporated into the proposed framework, so that the parameter maps can be efficiently estimated directly from undersampled images. The performance of MANTIS was demonstrated for the spin-spin relaxation time (T2) mapping of the knee joint. Compared to conventional reconstruction approaches that exploited image sparsity, MANTIS yielded lower errors and higher similarity with respect to the reference in the T2 estimation. Our study demonstrated that the proposed MANTIS framework, with a combination of end-to-end CNN mapping, signal model-augmented data consistency, and incoherent k-space sampling, represents a promising approach for efficient MR parameter mapping. MANTIS can potentially be extended to other types of parameter mapping with appropriate models. 
### 14.A Comparison of Handcrafted and Deep Neural Network Feature Extraction  for Classifying Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03306.pdf)
> Optical Coherence Tomography allows ophthalmologist to obtain cross-section imaging of eye retina. Assisted with digital image analysis methods, effective disease detection could be performed. Various methods exist to extract feature from OCT images. The proposed study aims to compare the effectiveness of handcrafted and deep neural network features. The evaluated dataset consist of 32339 instances distributed in four classes, namely CNV, DME, DRUSEN, and NORMAL. The methods are Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG), Local Binary Pattern (LBP), DenseNet-169, and ResNet50. As a result, the deep neural network based methods outperformed the handcrafted feature with 88% and 89% accuracy for DenseNet and ResNet compared to 50 % and 42 % for HOG and LBP respectively. The deep neural network based methods also demonstrated better result on the under represented class. 
### 15.Landslide Monitoring based on Terrestrial Laser Scanning: A Novel  Semi-automatic Workflow  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03305.pdf)
> In this paper, we propose a workflow that uses Terrestrial Laser Scanning(TLS) to semi-automatically monitor landslide and then test it in practice. Firstly, several groups of TLS stations are set on different time to collect the raw point cloud of the object mountain. Next, Hierarchical Merging Based Multi-view (HMMR) registration algorithm is adapted to accomplish single-phase multi-view registration.In order to analyze deformation between multiple periods, Iterative Global Similarity Point (IGSP) algorithm is applied to accomplish multiple-phase registration, which outperforms ICP in experiments. Then the cloth simulation filtering (CSF) algorithm was used together with manual post-processing to remove vegetation on the slope. After that, the mountain slope's digital terrain model (DTM) is generated for each period, and the distance between adjacent DTMs are calculated as the landslide deformation mass. Furthermore, average deformation rate of the landslide surface is calculated and analyzed.To validate the effectiveness of proposed workflow, we uses the TLS data of five periods of the landslide in the Shanhou village of northern Changshan Island from 2013 to 2015. The results indicate that the method can obtain centimeter-level deformation monitoring accuracy which can effectively monitor and analyze long-term landslide morphology and trend as well as position the significant deformation area and determine the type of landslide. In addition, the process can be automated to provide end-to-end TLS based long-term landslide monitoring applications, providing reference for monitoring and early warning of potential landslides. 
### 16.A Brief Review of Real-World Color Image Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03298.pdf)
> Filtering real-world color images is challenging due to the complexity of noise that can not be formulated as a certain distribution. However, the rapid development of camera lens pos- es greater demands on image denoising in terms of both efficiency and effectiveness. Currently, the most widely accepted framework employs the combination of transform domain techniques and nonlocal similarity characteristics of natural images. Based on this framework, many competitive methods model the correlation of R, G, B channels with pre-defined or adaptively learned transforms. In this chapter, a brief review of related methods and publicly available datasets is presented, moreover, a new dataset that includes more natural outdoor scenes is introduced. Extensive experiments are performed and discussion on visual effect enhancement is included. 
### 17.Classification by Re-generation: Towards Classification Based on  Variational Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03259.pdf)
> As Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are considered the state-of-the-art in many classification tasks, the question of their semantic generalizations has been raised. To address semantic interpretability of learned features, we introduce a novel idea of classification by re-generation based on variational autoencoder (VAE) in which a separate encoder-decoder pair of VAE is trained for each class. Moreover, the proposed architecture overcomes the scalability issue in current DNN networks as there is no need to re-train the whole network with the addition of new classes and it can be done for each class separately. We also introduce a criterion based on Kullback-Leibler divergence to reject doubtful examples. This rejection criterion should improve the trust in the obtained results and can be further exploited to reject adversarial examples. 
### 18.Using phase instead of optical flow for action recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03258.pdf)
> Currently, the most common motion representation for action recognition is optical flow. Optical flow is based on particle tracking which adheres to a Lagrangian perspective on dynamics. In contrast to the Lagrangian perspective, the Eulerian model of dynamics does not track, but describes local chances. For video, an Eulerian phase-based motion representation, using complex steerable filters, has been successfully employed recently for motion magnification and video frame interpolation. Inspired by these previous works, here, we proposes learning Eulerian motion representations in a deep architecture for action recognition. We learn filters in the complex domain in an end-to-end manner. We design these complex filters to resemble complex Gabor filters, typically employed for phase-information extraction. We propose a phase-information extraction module, based on these complex filters, that can be used in any network architecture for extracting Eulerian representations. We experimentally analyze the added value of Eulerian motion representations, as extracted by our proposed phase extraction module, and compare with existing motion representations based on optical flow, on the UCF101 dataset. 
### 19.Multi-Context Deep Network for Angle-Closure Glaucoma Screening in  Anterior Segment OCT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03239.pdf)
> A major cause of irreversible visual impairment is angle-closure glaucoma, which can be screened through imagery from Anterior Segment Optical Coherence Tomography (AS-OCT). Previous computational diagnostic techniques address this screening problem by extracting specific clinical measurements or handcrafted visual features from the images for classification. In this paper, we instead propose to learn from training data a discriminative representation that may capture subtle visual cues not modeled by predefined features. Based on clinical priors, we formulate this learning with a presented Multi-Context Deep Network (MCDN) architecture, in which parallel Convolutional Neural Networks are applied to particular image regions and at corresponding scales known to be informative for clinically diagnosing angle-closure glaucoma. The output feature maps of the parallel streams are merged into a classification layer to produce the deep screening result. Moreover, we incorporate estimated clinical parameters to further enhance performance. On a clinical AS-OCT dataset, our system is validated through comparisons to previous screening methods. 
### 20.Hand-tremor frequency estimation in videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03218.pdf)
> We focus on the problem of estimating human hand-tremor frequency from input RGB video data. Estimating tremors from video is important for non-invasive monitoring, analyzing and diagnosing patients suffering from motor-disorders such as Parkinson's disease. We consider two approaches for hand-tremor frequency estimation: (a) a Lagrangian approach where we detect the hand at every frame in the video, and estimate the tremor frequency along the trajectory; and (b) an Eulerian approach where we first localize the hand, we subsequently remove the large motion along the movement trajectory of the hand, and we use the video information over time encoded as intensity values or phase information to estimate the tremor frequency. <br />We estimate hand tremors on a new human tremor dataset, TIM-Tremor, containing static tasks as well as a multitude of more dynamic tasks, involving larger motion of the hands. The dataset has 55 tremor patient recordings together with: associated ground truth accelerometer data from the most affected hand, RGB video data, and aligned depth data. 
### 21.Recent Advances in Object Detection in the Age of Deep Convolutional  Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03193.pdf)
> Object detection-the computer vision task dealing with detecting instances of objects of a certain class (e.g., 'car', 'plane', etc.) in images-attracted a lot of attention from the community during the last 5 years. This strong interest can be explained not only by the importance this task has for many applications but also by the phenomenal advances in this area since the arrival of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN). This article reviews the recent literature on object detection with deep CNN, in a comprehensive way, and provides an in-depth view of these recent advances. The survey covers not only the typical architectures (SSD, YOLO, Faster-RCNN) but also discusses the challenges currently met by the community and goes on to show how the problem of object detection can be extended. This survey also reviews the public datasets and associated state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 22.Geoseg: A Computer Vision Package for Automatic Building Segmentation  and Outline Extraction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03175.pdf)
> Recently, deep learning algorithms, especially fully convolutional network based methods, are becoming very popular in the field of remote sensing. However, these methods are implemented and evaluated through various datasets and deep learning frameworks. There has not been a package that covers these methods in a unifying manner. In this study, we introduce a computer vision package termed Geoseg that focus on building segmentation and outline extraction. Geoseg implements over nine state-of-the-art models as well as utility scripts needed to conduct model training, logging, evaluating and visualization. The implementation of Geoseg emphasizes unification, simplicity, and flexibility. The performance and computational efficiency of all implemented methods are evaluated by comparison experiment through a unified, high-quality aerial image dataset. 
### 23.The AAU Multimodal Annotation Toolboxes: Annotating Objects in Images  and Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03171.pdf)
> This tech report gives an introduction to two annotation toolboxes that enable the creation of pixel and polygon-based masks as well as bounding boxes around objects of interest. Both toolboxes support the annotation of sequential images in the RGB and thermal modalities. Each annotated object is assigned a classification tag, a unique ID, and one or more optional meta data tags. The toolboxes are written in C++ with the OpenCV and Qt libraries and are operated by using the visual interface and the extensive range of keyboard shortcuts. Pre-built binaries are available for Windows and MacOS and the tools can be built from source under Linux as well. So far, tens of thousands of frames have been annotated using the toolboxes. 
### 24.Tracking by Animation: Unsupervised Learning of Multi-Object Attentive  Trackers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03137.pdf)
> Online Multi-Object Tracking (MOT) from videos is a challenging computer vision task which has been extensively studied for decades. Most of the existing MOT algorithms are based on the Tracking-by-Detection (TBD) paradigm combined with popular machine learning approaches which largely reduce the human effort to tune algorithm parameters. However, the commonly used supervised learning approaches require the labeled data (e.g., bounding boxes), which is expensive for videos. Also, the TBD framework is usually suboptimal since it is not end-to-end, i.e., it considers the task as detection and tracking, but not jointly. To achieve both label-free and end-to-end learning of MOT, we propose a Tracking-by-Animation framework, where a differentiable neural model first tracks objects from input frames and then animates these objects into reconstructed frames. Learning is then driven by the reconstruction error through backpropagation. We further propose a Reprioritized Attentive Tracking to improve the robustness of data association. Experiments conducted on both synthetic and real video datasets show the potential of the proposed model. 
### 25.LDW-SCSA: Logistic Dynamic Weight based Sine Cosine Search Algorithm for  Numerical Functions Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03055.pdf)
> Particle swarm optimization (PSO) and Sine Cosine algorithm (SCA) have been widely used optimization methods but these methods have some disadvantages such as trapped local optimum point. In order to solve this problem and obtain more successful results than others, a novel logistic dynamic weight based sine cosine search algorithm (LDW-SCSA) is presented in this paper. In the LDW-SCSA method, logistic map is used as dynamic weight generator. Logistic map is one of the famous and widely used chaotic map in the literature. Search process of SCA is modified in the LDW-SCSA. To evaluate performance of the LDW-SCSA, the widely used numerical benchmark functions were utilized as test suite and other swarm optimization methods were used to obtain the comparison results. Superior performances of the LDW-SCSA are proved success of this method. 
### 26.TextContourNet: a Flexible and Effective Framework for Improving Scene  Text Detection Architecture with a Multi-task Cascade  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03050.pdf)
> We study the problem of extracting text instance contour information from images and use it to assist scene text detection. We propose a novel and effective framework for this and experimentally demonstrate that: (1) A CNN that can be effectively used to extract instance-level text contour from natural images. (2) The extracted contour information can be used for better scene text detection. We propose two ways for learning the contour task together with the scene text detection: (1) as an auxiliary task and (2) as multi-task cascade. Extensive experiments with different benchmark datasets demonstrate that both designs improve the performance of a state-of-the-art scene text detector and that a multi-task cascade design achieves the best performance. 
### 27.A Neural Temporal Model for Human Motion Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03036.pdf)
> We propose novel neural temporal models for short-term motion prediction and long-term human motion synthesis, achieving state-of-art predictive performance while being computationally less expensive compared to previously proposed approaches. Key aspects of our proposed system include: 1) a novel, two-level processing architecture that aids in generating planned trajectories, 2) a simple set of easily computable features that integrate simple derivative information into the model, and 3) a novel multi-objective loss function that helps the model to slowly progress from the simpler task of next-step prediction to the harder task of multi-step closed-loop prediction. Our results demonstrate that these innovations are shown to facilitate improved modeling of long-term motion trajectories. Finally, we propose a novel metric called Power Spectrum Similarity (NPSS) to evaluate the long-term predictive ability of our trained motion synthesis models, circumventing many of the shortcomings of the popular mean-squared error measure of the Euler angles of joints over time. 
### 28.Fingertip Detection and Tracking for Recognition of Air-Writing in  Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03016.pdf)
> Air-writing is the process of writing characters or words in free space using finger or hand movements without the aid of any hand-held device. In this work, we address the problem of mid-air finger writing using web-cam video as input. In spite of recent advances in object detection and tracking, accurate and robust detection and tracking of the fingertip remains a challenging task, primarily due to small dimension of the fingertip. Moreover, the initialization and termination of mid-air finger writing is also challenging due to the absence of any standard delimiting criterion. To solve these problems, we propose a new writing hand pose detection algorithm for initialization of air-writing using the Faster R-CNN framework for accurate hand detection followed by hand segmentation and finally counting the number of raised fingers based on geometrical properties of the hand. Further, we propose a robust fingertip detection and tracking approach using a new signature function called distance-weighted curvature entropy. Finally, a fingertip velocity-based termination criterion is used as a delimiter to mark the completion of the air-writing gesture. Experiments show the superiority of the proposed fingertip detection and tracking algorithm over state-of-the-art approaches giving a mean precision of 73.1 % while achieving real-time performance at 18.5 fps, a condition which is of vital importance to air-writing. Character recognition experiments give a mean accuracy of 96.11 % using the proposed air-writing system, a result which is comparable to that of existing handwritten character recognition systems. 
### 29.Dual Attention Network for Scene Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02983.pdf)
> In this paper, we address the scene segmentation task by capturing rich contextual dependencies based on the selfattention mechanism. Unlike previous works that capture contexts by multi-scale features fusion, we propose a Dual Attention Networks (DANet) to adaptively integrate local features with their global dependencies. Specifically, we append two types of attention modules on top of traditional dilated FCN, which model the semantic interdependencies in spatial and channel dimensions respectively. The position attention module selectively aggregates the features at each position by a weighted sum of the features at all positions. Similar features would be related to each other regardless of their distances. Meanwhile, the channel attention module selectively emphasizes interdependent channel maps by integrating associated features among all channel maps. We sum the outputs of the two attention modules to further improve feature representation which contributes to more precise segmentation results. We achieve new state-of-the-art segmentation performance on three challenging scene segmentation datasets, i.e., Cityscapes, PASCAL Context and COCO Stuff dataset. In particular, a Mean IoU score of 81.5% on Cityscapes test set is achieved without using coarse data 
### 30.Geometry-Aware Face Completion and Editing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02967.pdf)
> Face completion is a challenging generation task because it requires generating visually pleasing new pixels that are semantically consistent with the unmasked face region. This paper proposes a geometry-aware Face Completion and Editing NETwork (FCENet) by systematically studying facial geometry from the unmasked region. Firstly, a facial geometry estimator is learned to estimate facial landmark heatmaps and parsing maps from the unmasked face image. Then, an encoder-decoder structure generator serves to complete a face image and disentangle its mask areas conditioned on both the masked face image and the estimated facial geometry images. Besides, since low-rank property exists in manually labeled masks, a low-rank regularization term is imposed on the disentangled masks, enforcing our completion network to manage occlusion area with various shape and size. Furthermore, our network can generate diverse results from the same masked input by modifying estimated facial geometry, which provides a flexible mean to edit the completed face appearance. Extensive experimental results qualitatively and quantitatively demonstrate that our network is able to generate visually pleasing face completion results and edit face attributes as well. 
### 31.LS-Net: Learning to Solve Nonlinear Least Squares for Monocular Stereo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02966.pdf)
> Sum-of-squares objective functions are very popular in computer vision algorithms. However, these objective functions are not always easy to optimize. The underlying assumptions made by solvers are often not satisfied and many problems are inherently ill-posed. In this paper, we propose LS-Net, a neural nonlinear least squares optimization algorithm which learns to effectively optimize these cost functions even in the presence of adversities. Unlike traditional approaches, the proposed solver requires no hand-crafted regularizers or priors as these are implicitly learned from the data. We apply our method to the problem of motion stereo ie. jointly estimating the motion and scene geometry from pairs of images of a monocular sequence. We show that our learned optimizer is able to efficiently and effectively solve this challenging optimization problem. 
### 32.Visual Relationship Prediction via Label Clustering and Incorporation of  Depth Information  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02945.pdf)
> In this paper, we investigate the use of an unsupervised label clustering technique and demonstrate that it enables substantial improvements in visual relationship prediction accuracy on the Person in Context (PIC) dataset. We propose to group object labels with similar patterns of relationship distribution in the dataset into fewer categories. Label clustering not only mitigates both the large classification space and class imbalance issues, but also potentially increases data samples for each clustered category. We further propose to incorporate depth information as an additional feature into the instance segmentation model. The additional depth prediction path supplements the relationship prediction model in a way that bounding boxes or segmentation masks are unable to deliver. We have rigorously evaluated the proposed techniques and performed various ablation analysis to validate the benefits of them. 
### 33.Automated Strabismus Detection based on Deep neural networks for  Telemedicine Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02940.pdf)
> Strabismus is one of the most influential ophthalmologic diseases in humans life. Timely detection of strabismus contributes to its prognosis and treatment. Telemedicine, which has great potential to alleviate the growing demand of the diagnosis of ophthalmologic diseases, is an effective method to achieve timely strabismus detection. In addition, deep neural networks are beneficial to achieve fully automated strabismus detection. In this paper, a tele strabismus dataset is founded by the ophthalmologists. Then a new algorithm based on deep neural networks is proposed to achieve automated strabismus detection on the founded tele strabismus dataset. The proposed algorithm consists of two stages. In the first stage, R-FCN is applied to perform eye region segmentation. In the second stage, a deep convolutional neural networks is built and trained in order to classify the segmented eye regions as strabismus or normal. The experimental results on the founded tele strabismus dataset shows that the proposed method can have a good performance on automated strabismus detection for telemedicine application. Code is made publicly available at: <a href="https://github.com/jieWeiLu/Strabismus-Detection-for-Telemedicine-Application">this https URL</a> 
### 34.Cost-Sensitive Active Learning for Intracranial Hemorrhage Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02882.pdf)
> Deep learning for clinical applications is subject to stringent performance requirements, which raises a need for large labeled datasets. However, the enormous cost of labeling medical data makes this challenging. In this paper, we build a cost-sensitive active learning system for the problem of intracranial hemorrhage detection and segmentation on head computed tomography (CT). We show that our ensemble method compares favorably with the state-of-the-art, while running faster and using less memory. Moreover, our experiments are done using a substantially larger dataset than earlier papers on this topic. Since the labeling time could vary tremendously across examples, we model the labeling time and optimize the return on investment. We validate this idea by core-set selection on our large labeled dataset and by growing it with data from the wild. 
### 35.A Supervised Learning Methodology for Real-Time Disguised Face  Recognition in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02875.pdf)
> Facial recognition has always been a challeng- ing task for computer vision scientists and experts. Despite complexities arising due to variations in camera parameters, illumination and face orientations, significant progress has been made in the field with deep learning algorithms now competing with human-level accuracy. But in contrast to the recent advances in face recognition techniques, Disguised Facial Identification continues to be a tougher challenge in the field of computer vision. The modern day scenario, where security is of prime concern, regular face identification techniques do not perform as required when the faces are disguised, which calls for a different approach to handle situations where intruders have their faces masked. Along the same lines, we propose a deep learning architecture for disguised facial recognition (DFR). The algorithm put forward in this paper detects 20 facial key-points in the first stage, using a 14-layered convolutional neural network (CNN). These facial key-points are later utilized by a support vector machine (SVM) for classifying the disguised faces based on the euclidean distance ratios and angles between different facial key-points. This overall architecture imparts a basic intelligence to our system. Our key-point feature prediction accuracy is 65% while the classification rate is 72.4%. Moreover, the architecture works at 19 FPS, thereby performing in almost real-time. The efficiency of our approach is also compared with the state-of-the-art Disguised Facial Identification methods. 
### 36.Unsupervised Person Re-identification by Deep Learning Tracklet  Association  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02874.pdf)
> Mostexistingpersonre-identification(re-id)methods relyon supervised model learning on per-camera-pair manually labelled pairwise training data. This leads to poor scalability in practical re-id deployment due to the lack of exhaustive identity labelling of image positive and negative pairs for every camera pair. In this work, we address this problem by proposing an unsupervised re-id deep learning approach capable of incrementally discovering and exploiting the underlying re-id discriminative information from automatically generated person tracklet data from videos in an end-to-end model optimisation. We formulate a Tracklet Association Unsupervised Deep Learning (TAUDL) framework characterised by jointly learning per-camera (within-camera) tracklet association (labelling) and cross-camera tracklet correlation by maximising the discovery of most likely tracklet relationships across camera views. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed TAUDL model over the state-of-the-art unsupervised and domain adaptation re- id methods using six person re-id benchmarking datasets. 
### 37.Learning Sports Camera Selection from Internet Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02854.pdf)
> This work addresses camera selection, the task of predicting which camera should be "on air" from multiple candidate cameras for soccer broadcast. The task is challenging because of the scarcity of learning data with all candidate views. Meanwhile, broadcast videos are freely available on the Internet (e.g. Youtube). However, these videos only record the selected camera views, omitting the other candidate views. To overcome this problem, we first introduce a random survival forest (RSF) method to impute the incomplete data effectively. Then, we propose a spatial-appearance heatmap to describe foreground objects (e.g. players and balls) in an image. To evaluate the performance of our system, we collect the largest-ever dataset for soccer broadcasting camera selection. It has one main game which has all candidate views and twelve auxiliary games which only have the broadcast view. Our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on this challenging dataset. Further analysis suggests that the improvement in performance is indeed from the extra information from auxiliary games. 
### 38.Online Mutual Foreground Segmentation for Multispectral Stereo Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02851.pdf)
> The segmentation of video sequences into foreground and background regions is a low-level process commonly used in video content analysis and smart surveillance applications. Using a multispectral camera setup can improve this process by providing more diverse data to help identify objects despite adverse imaging conditions. The registration of several data sources is however not trivial if the appearance of objects produced by each sensor differs substantially. This problem is further complicated when parallax effects cannot be ignored when using close-range stereo pairs. In this work, we present a new method to simultaneously tackle multispectral segmentation and stereo registration. Using an iterative procedure, we estimate the labeling result for one problem using the provisional result of the other. Our approach is based on the alternating minimization of two energy functions that are linked through the use of dynamic priors. We rely on the integration of shape and appearance cues to find proper multispectral correspondences, and to properly segment objects in low contrast regions. We also formulate our model as a frame processing pipeline using higher order terms to improve the temporal coherence of our results. Our method is evaluated under different configurations on multiple multispectral datasets, and our implementation is available online. 
### 39.Rate-Adaptive Neural Networks for Spatial Multiplexers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02850.pdf)
> In resource-constrained environments, one can employ spatial multiplexing cameras to acquire a small number of measurements of a scene, and perform effective reconstruction or high-level inference using purely data-driven neural networks. However, once trained, the measurement matrix and the network are valid only for a single measurement rate (MR) chosen at training time. To overcome this drawback, we answer the following question: How can we jointly design the measurement operator and the reconstruction/inference network so that the system can operate over a \textit{range} of MRs? To this end, we present a novel training algorithm, for learning \textbf{\textit{rate-adaptive}} networks. Using standard datasets, we demonstrate that, when tested over a range of MRs, a rate-adaptive network can provide high quality reconstruction over a the entire range, resulting in up to about 15 dB improvement over previous methods, where the network is valid for only one MR. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for sample-efficient object tracking where video frames are acquired at dynamically varying MRs. We also extend this algorithm to learn the measurement operator in conjunction with image recognition networks. Experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 confirm the applicability of our algorithm to different tasks. 
### 40.Video Smoke Detection Based on Deep Saliency Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02802.pdf)
> Video smoke detection is a promising fire detection method especially in open or large spaces and outdoor environments. Traditional smoke detection consists of candidate region extraction and classification, but it lacks powerful characterization for smoke. In this paper, we propose a novel method for video smoke detection based on deep saliency network. Visual saliency detection aims to highlight the most important object regions in an image. The pixel-level and object-level salient CNNs are combined to extract the informative smoke saliency map. For the need of application for smoke event detection, an end-to-end framework for salient smoke detection and existence prediction of smoke is proposed. The deep feature map is combined with the saliency map to predict the existence of smoke in image. Initial dataset and augmented dataset are built to measure the performance of frameworks with different design strategies. Qualitative and quantitative analysis at frame-level and pixel-level demonstrates the excellent performance of the ultimate framework. 
### 41.Adversarial Learning for Image Forensics Deep Matching with Atrous  Convolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02791.pdf)
> Constrained image splicing detection and localization (CISDL) is a newly proposed challenging task for image forensics, which investigates two input suspected images and identifies whether one image has suspected regions pasted from the other. In this paper, we propose a novel adversarial learning framework to train the deep matching network for CISDL. Our framework mainly consists of three building blocks: 1) the deep matching network based on atrous convolution (DMAC) aims to generate two high-quality candidate masks which indicate the suspected regions of the two input images, 2) the detection network is designed to rectify inconsistencies between the two corresponding candidate masks, 3) the discriminative network drives the DMAC network to produce masks that are hard to distinguish from ground-truth ones. In DMAC, atrous convolution is adopted to extract features with rich spatial information, the correlation layer based on the skip architecture is proposed to capture hierarchical features, and atrous spatial pyramid pooling is constructed to localize tampered regions at multiple scales. The detection network and the discriminative network act as the losses with auxiliary parameters to supervise the training of DMAC in an adversarial way. Extensive experiments, conducted on 21 generated testing sets and two public datasets, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework and the superior performance of DMAC. 
### 42.Instance-based Deep Transfer Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02776.pdf)
> Deep transfer learning has acquired significant research interest. It makes use of pre-trained models that are learned from a source domain, and utilizes these models for the tasks in a target domain. Model-based deep transfer learning is arguably the most frequently used method. However, very little work has been devoted to enhancing deep transfer learning by focusing on the influence of data. In this work, we propose an instance-based approach to improve deep transfer learning in target domain. Specifically, we choose a pre-trained model which is learned from a source domain, and utilize this model to estimate the influence of each training sample in a target domain. Then we optimize training data of the target domain by removing the training samples that will lower the performance of the pre-trained model. We then fine-tune the pre-trained model with the optimized training data in the target domain, or build a new model which can be initialized partially based on the pre-trained model, and fine-tune it with the optimized training data in the target domain. Using this approach, transfer learning can help deep learning models to learn more useful features. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on further boosting deep learning models for typical high-level computer vision tasks, such as image classification. 
### 43.CNNs for Surveillance Footage Scene Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02766.pdf)
> In this project, we adapt high-performing CNN architectures to differentiate between scenes with and without abandoned luggage. Using frames from two video datasets, we compare the results of training different architectures on each dataset as well as on combining the datasets. We additionally use network visualization techniques to gain insight into what the neural network sees, and the basis of the classification decision. We intend that our results benefit further work in applying CNNs in surveillance and security-related tasks. 
### 44.RealPoint3D: Point Cloud Generation from a Single Image with Complex  Background  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02743.pdf)
> 3D point cloud generation by the deep neural network from a single image has been attracting more and more researchers' attention. However, recently-proposed methods require the objects be captured with relatively clean backgrounds, fixed viewpoint, while this highly limits its application in the real environment. To overcome these drawbacks, we proposed to integrate the prior 3D shape knowledge into the network to guide the 3D generation. By taking additional 3D information, the proposed network can handle the 3D object generation from a single real image captured from any viewpoint and complex background. Specifically, giving a query image, we retrieve the nearest shape model from a pre-prepared 3D model database. Then, the image together with the retrieved shape model is fed into the proposed network to generate the fine-grained 3D point cloud. The effectiveness of our proposed framework has been verified on different kinds of datasets. Experimental results show that the proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art accuracy compared to other volumetric-based and point set generation methods. Furthermore, the proposed framework works well for real images in complex backgrounds with various view angles. 
### 45.Joint Autoregressive and Hierarchical Priors for Learned Image  Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02736.pdf)
> Recent models for learned image compression are based on autoencoders, learning approximately invertible mappings from pixels to a quantized latent representation. These are combined with an entropy model, a prior on the latent representation that can be used with standard arithmetic coding algorithms to yield a compressed bitstream. Recently, hierarchical entropy models have been introduced as a way to exploit more structure in the latents than simple fully factorized priors, improving compression performance while maintaining end-to-end optimization. Inspired by the success of autoregressive priors in probabilistic generative models, we examine autoregressive, hierarchical, as well as combined priors as alternatives, weighing their costs and benefits in the context of image compression. While it is well known that autoregressive models come with a significant computational penalty, we find that in terms of compression performance, autoregressive and hierarchical priors are complementary and, together, exploit the probabilistic structure in the latents better than all previous learned models. The combined model yields state-of-the-art rate--distortion performance, providing a 15.8% average reduction in file size over the previous state-of-the-art method based on deep learning, which corresponds to a 59.8% size reduction over JPEG, more than 35% reduction compared to WebP and JPEG2000, and bitstreams 8.4% smaller than BPG, the current state-of-the-art image codec. To the best of our knowledge, our model is the first learning-based method to outperform BPG on both PSNR and MS-SSIM distortion metrics. 
### 46.DensSiam: End-to-End Densely-Siamese Network with Self-Attention Model  for Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02714.pdf)
> Convolutional Siamese neural networks have been recently used to track objects using deep features. Siamese architecture can achieve real time speed, however it is still difficult to find a Siamese architecture that maintains the generalization capability, high accuracy and speed while decreasing the number of shared parameters especially when it is very deep. Furthermore, a conventional Siamese architecture usually processes one local neighborhood at a time, which makes the appearance model local and non-robust to appearance changes. <br />To overcome these two problems, this paper proposes DensSiam, a novel convolutional Siamese architecture, which uses the concept of dense layers and connects each dense layer to all layers in a feed-forward fashion with a similarity-learning function. DensSiam also includes a Self-Attention mechanism to force the network to pay more attention to the non-local features during offline training. Extensive experiments are performed on four tracking benchmarks: OTB2013 and OTB2015 for validation set; and VOT2015, VOT2016 and VOT2017 for testing set. The obtained results show that DensSiam achieves superior results on these benchmarks compared to other current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 47.Selective Refinement Network for High Performance Face Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02693.pdf)
> High performance face detection remains a very challenging problem, especially when there exists many tiny faces. This paper presents a novel single-shot face detector, named Selective Refinement Network (SRN), which introduces novel two-step classification and regression operations selectively into an anchor-based face detector to reduce false positives and improve location accuracy simultaneously. In particular, the SRN consists of two modules: the Selective Two-step Classification (STC) module and the Selective Two-step Regression (STR) module. The STC aims to filter out most simple negative anchors from low level detection layers to reduce the search space for the subsequent classifier, while the STR is designed to coarsely adjust the locations and sizes of anchors from high level detection layers to provide better initialization for the subsequent regressor. Moreover, we design a Receptive Field Enhancement (RFE) block to provide more diverse receptive field, which helps to better capture faces in some extreme poses. As a consequence, the proposed SRN detector achieves state-of-the-art performance on all the widely used face detection benchmarks, including AFW, PASCAL face, FDDB, and WIDER FACE datasets. Codes will be released to facilitate further studies on the face detection problem. 
### 48.Open Set Adversarial Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02681.pdf)
> Adversarial examples in recent works target at closed set recognition systems, in which the training and testing classes are identical. In real-world scenarios, however, the testing classes may have limited, if any, overlap with the training classes, a problem named open set recognition. To our knowledge, the community does not have a specific design of adversarial examples targeting at this practical setting. Arguably, the new setting compromises traditional closed set attack methods in two aspects. First, closed set attack methods are based on classification and target at classification as well, but the open set problem suggests a different task, \emph{i.e.,} retrieval. It is undesirable that the generation mechanism of closed set recognition is different from the aim of open set recognition. Second, given that the query image is usually of an unseen class, predicting its category from the training classes is not reasonable, which leads to an inferior adversarial gradient. In this work, we view open set recognition as a retrieval task and propose a new approach, Opposite-Direction Feature Attack (ODFA), to generate adversarial examples / queries. When using an attacked example as query, we aim that the true matches be ranked as low as possible. In addressing the two limitations of closed set attack methods, ODFA directly works on the features for retrieval. The idea is to push away the feature of the adversarial query in the opposite direction of the original feature. Albeit simple, ODFA leads to a larger drop in Recall@K and mAP than the close-set attack methods on two open set recognition datasets, \emph{i.e.,} Market-1501 and CUB-200-2011. We also demonstrate that the attack performance of ODFA is not evidently superior to the state-of-the-art methods under closed set recognition (Cifar-10), suggesting its specificity for open set problems. 
### 49.Reservoir Computing based Neural Image Filters  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02651.pdf)
> Clean images are an important requirement for machine vision systems to recognize visual features correctly. However, the environment, optics, electronics of the physical imaging systems can introduce extreme distortions and noise in the acquired images. In this work, we explore the use of reservoir computing, a dynamical neural network model inspired from biological systems, in creating dynamic image filtering systems that extracts signal from noise using inverse modeling. We discuss the possibility of implementing these networks in hardware close to the sensors. 
### 50.ViZDoom Competitions: Playing Doom from Pixels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03470.pdf)
> This paper presents the first two editions of Visual Doom AI Competition, held in 2016 and 2017. The challenge was to create bots that compete in a multi-player deathmatch in a first-person shooter (FPS) game, Doom. The bots had to make their decisions based solely on visual information, i.e., a raw screen buffer. To play well, the bots needed to understand their surroundings, navigate, explore, and handle the opponents at the same time. These aspects, together with the competitive multi-agent aspect of the game, make the competition a unique platform for evaluating the state of the art reinforcement learning algorithms. The paper discusses the rules, solutions, results, and statistics that give insight into the agents' behaviors. Best-performing agents are described in more detail. The results of the competition lead to the conclusion that, although reinforcement learning can produce capable Doom bots, they still are not yet able to successfully compete against humans in this game. The paper also revisits the ViZDoom environment, which is a flexible, easy to use, and efficient 3D platform for research for vision-based reinforcement learning, based on a well-recognized first-person perspective game Doom. 
### 51.Monocular Object and Plane SLAM in Structured Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03415.pdf)
> We present a monocular Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) using high level object and plane landmarks, in addition to points. The resulting map is denser, more compact and meaningful compared to point only SLAM. We first propose a high order graphical model to jointly infer the 3D object and layout planes from single image considering occlusions and semantic constraints. The extracted cuboid object and layout planes are further optimized in a unified SLAM framework. Objects and planes can provide more semantic constraints such as Manhattan and object supporting relationships compared to points. Experiments on various public and collected datasets including ICL NUIM and TUM mono show that our algorithm can improve camera localization accuracy compared to state-of-the-art SLAM and also generate dense maps in many structured environments. 
### 52.Jointly Learning to See, Ask, and GuessWhat  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03408.pdf)
> We are interested in understanding how the ability to ground language in vision interacts with other abilities at play in dialogue, such as asking a series of questions to obtain the necessary information to perform a certain task. With this aim, we develop a Questioner agent in the context of the GuessWhat?! game. Our model exploits a neural network architecture to build a continuous representation of the dialogue state that integrates information from the visual and linguistic modalities and conditions future action. To play the GuessWhat?! game, the Questioner agent has to be able to do both, ask questions and guess a target object in the visual environment. In our architecture, these two capabilities are considered jointly as a supervised multi-task learning problem, to which cooperative learning can be further applied. We show that the introduction of our new architecture combined with these learning regimes yields an increase of 19.5% in task success accuracy with respect to a baseline model that treats submodules independently. With this increase, we reach an accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art models that use reinforcement learning, with the advantage that our architecture is entirely differentiable and thus easier to train. This suggests that combining our approach with reinforcement learning could lead to further improvements in the future. Finally, we present a range of analyses that examine the quality of the dialogues and shed light on the internal dynamics of the model. 
### 53.SPASS: Scientific Prominence Active Search System with Deep Image  Captioning Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03385.pdf)
> Planetary exploration missions with Mars rovers are complicated, which generally require elaborated task planning by human experts, from the path to take to the images to capture. NASA has been using this process to acquire over 22 million images from the planet Mars. In order to improve the degree of automation and thus efficiency in this process, we propose a system for planetary rovers to actively search for prominence of prespecified scientific features in captured images. Scientists can prespecify such search tasks in natural language and upload them to a rover, on which the deployed system constantly captions captured images with a deep image captioning network and compare the auto-generated captions to the prespecified search tasks by certain metrics so as to prioritize those images for transmission. As a beneficial side effect, the proposed system can also be deployed to ground-based planetary data systems as a content-based search engine. 
### 54.Torchbearer: A Model Fitting Library for PyTorch  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03363.pdf)
> We introduce torchbearer, a model fitting library for pytorch aimed at researchers working on deep learning or differentiable programming. The torchbearer library provides a high level metric and callback API that can be used for a wide range of applications. We also include a series of built in callbacks that can be used for: model persistence, learning rate decay, logging, data visualization and more. The extensive documentation includes an example library for deep learning and dynamic programming problems and can be found at <a href="http://torchbearer.readthedocs.io.">this http URL</a> The code is licensed under the MIT License and available at <a href="https://github.com/ecs-vlc/torchbearer.">this https URL</a> 
### 55.Shallow vs deep learning architectures for white matter lesion  segmentation in the early stages of multiple sclerosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03185.pdf)
> In this work, we present a comparison of a shallow and a deep learning architecture for the automated segmentation of white matter lesions in MR images of multiple sclerosis patients. In particular, we train and test both methods on early stage disease patients, to verify their performance in challenging conditions, more similar to a clinical setting than what is typically provided in multiple sclerosis segmentation challenges. Furthermore, we evaluate a prototype naive combination of the two methods, which refines the final segmentation. All methods were trained on 32 patients, and the evaluation was performed on a pure test set of 73 cases. Results show low lesion-wise false positives (30%) for the deep learning architecture, whereas the shallow architecture yields the best Dice coefficient (63%) and volume difference (19%). Combining both shallow and deep architectures further improves the lesion-wise metrics (69% and 26% lesion-wise true and false positive rate, respectively). 
### 56.Memristive LSTM network hardware architecture for time-series predictive  modeling problem  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03119.pdf)
> Analysis of time-series data allows to identify long-term trends and make predictions that can help to improve our lives. With the rapid development of artificial neural networks, long short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network (RNN) configuration is found to be capable in dealing with time-series forecasting problems where data points are time-dependent and possess seasonality trends. Gated structure of LSTM cell and flexibility in network topology (one-to-many, many-to-one, etc.) allows to model systems with multiple input variables and control several parameters such as the size of the look-back window to make a prediction and number of time steps to be predicted. These make LSTM attractive tool over conventional methods such as autoregression models, the simple average, moving average, naive approach, ARIMA, Holt's linear trend method, Holt's Winter seasonal method, and others. In this paper, we propose a hardware implementation of LSTM network architecture for time-series forecasting problem. All simulations were performed using TSMC 0.18um CMOS technology and HP memristor model. 
### 57.How clever is the FiLM model, and how clever can it be?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03044.pdf)
> The FiLM model achieves close-to-perfect performance on the diagnostic CLEVR dataset and is distinguished from other such models by having a comparatively simple and easily transferable architecture. In this paper, we investigate in more detail the ability of FiLM to learn various linguistic constructions. Our main results show that (a) FiLM is not able to learn relational statements straight away except for very simple instances, (b) training on a broader set of instances as well as pretraining on simpler instance types can help alleviate these learning difficulties, (c) mixing is less robust than pretraining and very sensitive to the compositional structure of the dataset. Overall, our results suggest that the approach of big all-encompassing datasets and the paradigm of "the effectiveness of data" may have fundamental limitations. 
### 58.Towards Query Efficient Black-box Attacks: An Input-free Perspective  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02918.pdf)
> Recent studies have highlighted that deep neural networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, even in a black-box scenario. However, most of the existing black-box attack algorithms need to make a huge amount of queries to perform attacks, which is not practical in the real world. We note one of the main reasons for the massive queries is that the adversarial example is required to be visually similar to the original image, but in many cases, how adversarial examples look like does not matter much. It inspires us to introduce a new attack called \emph{input-free} attack, under which an adversary can choose an arbitrary image to start with and is allowed to add perceptible perturbations on it. Following this approach, we propose two techniques to significantly reduce the query complexity. First, we initialize an adversarial example with a gray color image on which every pixel has roughly the same importance for the target model. Then we shrink the dimension of the attack space by perturbing a small region and tiling it to cover the input image. To make our algorithm more effective, we stabilize a projected gradient ascent algorithm with momentum, and also propose a heuristic approach for region size selection. Through extensive experiments, we show that with only 1,701 queries on average, we can perturb a gray image to any target class of ImageNet with a 100\% success rate on InceptionV3. Besides, our algorithm has successfully defeated two real-world systems, the Clarifai food detection API and the Baidu Animal Identification API. 
### 59.Faithful Multimodal Explanation for Visual Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02805.pdf)
> AI systems' ability to explain their reasoning is critical to their utility and trustworthiness. Deep neural networks have enabled significant progress on many challenging problems such as visual question answering (VQA). However, most of them are opaque black boxes with limited explanatory capability. This paper presents a novel approach to developing a high-performing VQA system that can elucidate its answers with integrated textual and visual explanations that faithfully reflect important aspects of its underlying reasoning while capturing the style of comprehensible human explanations. Extensive experimental evaluation demonstrates the advantages of this approach compared to competing methods with both automatic evaluation metrics and human evaluation metrics. 
### 60.Structure-Preserving Transformation: Generating Diverse and Transferable  Adversarial Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02786.pdf)
> Adversarial examples are perturbed inputs designed to fool machine learning models. Most recent works on adversarial examples for image classification focus on directly modifying pixels with minor perturbations. A common requirement in all these works is that the malicious perturbations should be small enough (measured by an $L_p$ norm for some $p$) so that they are imperceptible to humans. However, small perturbations can be unnecessarily restrictive and limit the diversity of adversarial examples generated. Further, an $L_p$ norm based distance metric ignores important structure patterns hidden in images that are important to human perception. Consequently, even the minor perturbation introduced in recent works often makes the adversarial examples less natural to humans. More importantly, they often do not transfer well and are therefore less effective when attacking black-box models especially for those protected by a defense mechanism. In this paper, we propose a structure-preserving transformation (SPT) for generating natural and diverse adversarial examples with extremely high transferability. The key idea of our approach is to allow perceptible deviation in adversarial examples while keeping structure patterns that are central to a human classifier. Empirical results on the MNIST and the fashion-MNIST datasets show that adversarial examples generated by our approach can easily bypass strong adversarial training. Further, they transfer well to other target models with no loss or little loss of successful attack rate. 
### 61.Are You Sure YouWant To Do That? Classification with Verification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.02652.pdf)
> Classification systems typically act in isolation, meaning they are required to implicitly memorize the characteristics of all candidate classes in order to classify. The cost of this is increased memory usage and poor sample efficiency. We propose a model which instead verifies using reference images during the classification process, reducing the burden of memorization. The model uses iterative nondifferentiable queries in order to classify an image. We demonstrate that such a model is feasible to train and can match baseline accuracy while being more parameter efficient. However, we show that finding the correct balance between image recognition and verification is essential to pushing the model towards desired behavior, suggesting that a pipeline of recognition followed by verification is a more promising approach. 
