    
# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Wed, 12 Sep 2018
### 1.Efficient Road Lane Marking Detection with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03994.pdf)
> Lane mark detection is an important element in the road scene analysis for Advanced Driver Assistant System (ADAS). Limited by the onboard computing power, it is still a challenge to reduce system complexity and maintain high accuracy at the same time. In this paper, we propose a Lane Marking Detector (LMD) using a deep convolutional neural network to extract robust lane marking features. To improve its performance with a target of lower complexity, the dilated convolution is adopted. A shallower and thinner structure is designed to decrease the computational cost. Moreover, we also design post-processing algorithms to construct 3rd-order polynomial models to fit into the curved lanes. Our system shows promising results on the captured road scenes. 
### 2.3D Inception-based CNN with sMRI and MD-DTI data fusion for Alzheimer&#x27;s  Disease diagnostics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03972.pdf)
> In the last decade, computer-aided early diagnostics of Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and its prodromal form, Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI), has been the subject of extensive research. Some recent studies have shown promising results in the AD and MCI determination using structural and functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (sMRI, fMRI), Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) modalities. Furthermore, fusion of imaging modalities in a supervised machine learning framework has shown promising direction of research. <br />In this paper we first review major trends in automatic classification methods such as feature extraction based methods as well as deep learning approaches in medical image analysis applied to the field of Alzheimer's Disease diagnostics. Then we propose our own design of a 3D Inception-based Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for Alzheimer's Disease diagnostics. The network is designed with an emphasis on the interior resource utilization and uses sMRI and DTI modalities fusion on hippocampal ROI. The comparison with the conventional AlexNet-based network using data from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) dataset (<a href="http://adni.loni.usc.edu">this http URL</a>) demonstrates significantly better performance of the proposed 3D Inception-based CNN. 
### 3.Hubless keypoint-based 3D deformable groupwise registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03951.pdf)
> We present a novel deformable groupwise registration method, applied to large 3D image groups. Our approach extracts 3D SURF keypoints from images, computes matched pairs of keypoints and registers the group by minimizing pair distances in a hubless way i.e. without computing any central mean image. Using keypoints significantly reduces the problem complexity compared to voxel-based approaches, and enables us to provide an in-core global optimization, similar to the Bundle Adjustment for 3D reconstruction. As we aim at registering images of different patients, the matching step yields many outliers. Then we propose a new EM-weighting algorithm which efficiently discards outliers. Global optimization is carried out with a fast gradient descent algorithm. This allows our approach to robustly register large datasets. The result is a set of half transforms which link the volumes together and can be subsequently exploited for computational anatomy, landmark detection or image segmentation. We show experimental results on whole-body CT scans, with groups of up to 103 volumes. On a benchmark based on anatomical landmarks, our algorithm compares favorably with the star-groupwise voxel-based ANTs and NiftyReg approaches while being much faster. We also discuss the limitations of our approach for lower resolution images such as brain MRI. 
### 4.A Two-Stage Method for Skin Lesion Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03917.pdf)
> This report summarises our method and validation results for the ISIC Challenge 2018 - Skin Lesion Analysis Towards Melanoma Detection - Task 1: Lesion Segmentation. We present a two-stage method for lesion segmentation with optimised training method and ensemble post-process. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on lesion segmentation and we win the first place in ISIC 2018 task1. 
### 5.Visualizing Convolutional Neural Networks to Improve Decision Support  for Skin Lesion Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03851.pdf)
> Because of their state-of-the-art performance in computer vision, CNNs are becoming increasingly popular in a variety of fields, including medicine. However, as neural networks are black box function approximators, it is difficult, if not impossible, for a medical expert to reason about their output. This could potentially result in the expert distrusting the network when he or she does not agree with its output. In such a case, explaining why the CNN makes a certain decision becomes valuable information. In this paper, we try to open the black box of the CNN by inspecting and visualizing the learned feature maps, in the field of dermatology. We show that, to some extent, CNNs focus on features similar to those used by dermatologists to make a diagnosis. However, more research is required for fully explaining their output. 
### 6.Convolutional Neural Networks for the segmentation of microcalcification  in Mammography Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03788.pdf)
> Cluster of microcalcifications can be an early sign of breast cancer. In this paper we propose a novel approach based on convolutional neural networks for the detection and segmentation of microcalcification clusters. In this work we used 283 mammograms to train and validate our model, obtaining an accuracy of 98.22% in the detection of preliminary suspect regions and of 97.47% in the segmentation task. Our results show how deep learning could be an effective tool to effectively support radiologists during mammograms examination. 
### 7.Normalization in Training Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for 2D  Bio-medical Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03783.pdf)
> 2D bio-medical semantic segmentation is important for surgical robotic vision. Segmentation methods based on Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) out-perform conventional methods in terms of both the accuracy and automation. One common issue in training DCNN is the internal covariate shift, where the convolutional kernels are trained to fit the distribution change of input feature, hence both the training speed and performance are decreased. Batch Normalization (BN) is the first proposed method for addressing internal covariate shift and is widely used. Later Instance Normalization (IN) and Layer Normalization (LN) were proposed and are used much less than BN. Group Normalization (GN) was proposed very recently and has not been applied into 2D bio-medical semantic segmentation yet. Most DCNN-based bio-medical semantic segmentation adopts BN as the normalization method by default, without reviewing its performance. In this paper, four normalization methods - BN, IN, LN and GN are compared and reviewed in details specifically for 2D bio-medical semantic segmentation. The result proved that GN out-performed the other three normalization methods - BN, IN and LN in 2D bio-medical semantic segmentation regarding both the accuracy and robustness. Unet is adopted as the basic DCNN structure. 37 RVs from both asymptomatic and Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy (HCM) subjects and 20 aortas from asymptomatic subjects were used for the validation. The code and trained models will be available online. 
### 8.Long-Term Occupancy Grid Prediction Using Recurrent Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03782.pdf)
> We tackle the long-term prediction of scene evolution in a complex downtown scenario for automated driving based on Lidar grid fusion and recurrent neural networks (RNNs). A bird's eye view of the scene, including occupancy and velocity, is fed as a sequence to a RNN which is trained to predict future occupancy. The nature of prediction allows generation of multiple hours of training data without the need of manual labeling. Thus, the training strategy and loss function is designed for long sequences of real-world data (unbalanced, continuously changing situations, false labels, etc.). The deep CNN architecture comprises convolutional long short-term memories (ConvLSTMs) to separate static from dynamic regions and to predict dynamic objects in future frames. Novel recurrent skip connections show the ability to predict small occluded objects, i.e. pedestrians, and occluded static regions. Spatio-temporal correlations between grid cells are exploited to predict multimodal future paths and interactions between objects. Experiments also quantify improvements to our previous network, a Monte Carlo approach, and literature. 
### 9.Probabilistic approach to limited-data computed tomography  reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03779.pdf)
> We consider the problem of reconstructing the internal structure of an object from limited x-ray projections. In this work, we use a Gaussian process to model the target function. In contrast to other established methods, this comes with the advantage of not requiring any manual parameter tuning, which usually arises in classical regularization strategies. The Gaussian process is well-known in a heavy computation for the inversion of a covariance matrix, and in this work, by employing an approximative spectral-based technique, we reduce the computational complexity and avoid the need of numerical integration. Results from simulated and real data indicate that this approach is less sensitive to streak artifacts as compared to the commonly used method of filteredback projection, an analytic reconstruction algorithm using Radon inversion formula. 
### 10.3D Human Body Reconstruction from a Single Image via Volumetric  Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03770.pdf)
> This paper proposes the use of an end-to-end Convolutional Neural Network for direct reconstruction of the 3D geometry of humans via volumetric regression. The proposed method does not require the fitting of a shape model and can be trained to work from a variety of input types, whether it be landmarks, images or segmentation masks. Additionally, non-visible parts, either self-occluded or otherwise, are still reconstructed, which is not the case with depth map regression. We present results that show that our method can handle both pose variation and detailed reconstruction given appropriate datasets for training. 
### 11.Non-blind Image Restoration Based on Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03757.pdf)
> Blind image restoration processors based on convolutional neural network (CNN) are intensively researched because of their high performance. However, they are too sensitive to the perturbation of the degradation model. They easily fail to restore the image whose degradation model is slightly different from the trained degradation model. In this paper, we propose a non-blind CNN-based image restoration processor, aiming to be robust against a perturbation of the degradation model compared to the blind restoration processor. Experimental comparisons demonstrate that the proposed non-blind CNN-based image restoration processor can robustly restore images compared to existing blind CNN-based image restoration processors. 
### 12.Answering Visual What-If Questions: From Actions to Predicted Scene  Descriptions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03707.pdf)
> In-depth scene descriptions and question answering tasks have greatly increased the scope of today's definition of scene understanding. While such tasks are in principle open ended, current formulations primarily focus on describing only the current state of the scenes under consideration. In contrast, in this paper, we focus on the future states of the scenes which are also conditioned on actions. We posit this as a question answering task, where an answer has to be given about a future scene state, given observations of the current scene, and a question that includes a hypothetical action. Our solution is a hybrid model which integrates a physics engine into a question answering architecture in order to anticipate future scene states resulting from object-object interactions caused by an action. We demonstrate first results on this challenging new problem and compare to baselines, where we outperform fully data-driven end-to-end learning approaches. 
### 13.Unbiasing Semantic Segmentation For Robot Perception using Synthetic  Data Feature Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03676.pdf)
> Robot perception systems need to perform reliable image segmentation in real-time on noisy, raw perception data. State-of-the-art segmentation approaches use large CNN models and carefully constructed datasets; however, these models focus on accuracy at the cost of real-time inference. Furthermore, the standard semantic segmentation datasets are not large enough for training CNNs without augmentation and are not representative of noisy, uncurated robot perception data. We propose improving the performance of real-time segmentation frameworks on robot perception data by transferring features learned from synthetic segmentation data. We show that pretraining real-time segmentation architectures with synthetic segmentation data instead of ImageNet improves fine-tuning performance by reducing the bias learned in pretraining and closing the \textit{transfer gap} as a result. Our experiments show that our real-time robot perception models pretrained on synthetic data outperform those pretrained on ImageNet for every scale of fine-tuning data examined. Moreover, the degree to which synthetic pretraining outperforms ImageNet pretraining increases as the availability of robot data decreases, making our approach attractive for robotics domains where dataset collection is hard and/or expensive. 
### 14.Temporal-Spatial Mapping for Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03669.pdf)
> Deep learning models have enjoyed great success for image related computer vision tasks like image classification and object detection. For video related tasks like human action recognition, however, the advancements are not as significant yet. The main challenge is the lack of effective and efficient models in modeling the rich temporal spatial information in a video. We introduce a simple yet effective operation, termed Temporal-Spatial Mapping (TSM), for capturing the temporal evolution of the frames by jointly analyzing all the frames of a video. We propose a video level 2D feature representation by transforming the convolutional features of all frames to a 2D feature map, referred to as VideoMap. With each row being the vectorized feature representation of a frame, the temporal-spatial features are compactly represented, while the temporal dynamic evolution is also well embedded. Based on the VideoMap representation, we further propose a temporal attention model within a shallow convolutional neural network to efficiently exploit the temporal-spatial dynamics. The experiment results show that the proposed scheme achieves the state-of-the-art performance, with 4.2% accuracy gain over Temporal Segment Network (TSN), a competing baseline method, on the challenging human action benchmark dataset HMDB51. 
### 15.Neural Animation and Reenactment of Human Actor Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03658.pdf)
> We propose a method for generating (near) video-realistic animations of real humans under user control. In contrast to conventional human character rendering, we do not require the availability of a production-quality photo-realistic 3D model of the human, but instead rely on a video sequence in conjunction with a (medium-quality) controllable 3D template model of the person. With that, our approach significantly reduces production cost compared to conventional rendering approaches based on production-quality 3D models, and can also be used to realistically edit existing videos. Technically, this is achieved by training a neural network that translates simple synthetic images of a human character into realistic imagery. For training our networks, we first track the 3D motion of the person in the video using the template model, and subsequently generate a synthetically rendered version of the video. These images are then used to train a conditional generative adversarial network that translates synthetic images of the 3D model into realistic imagery of the human. We evaluate our method for the reenactment of another person that is tracked in order to obtain the motion data, and show video results generated from artist-designed skeleton motion. Our results outperform the state-of-the-art in learning-based human image synthesis. Project page: <a href="http://gvv.mpi-inf.mpg.de/projects/wxu/HumanReenactment/">this http URL</a> 
### 16.Improving Adversarial Discriminative Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03625.pdf)
> Adversarial discriminative domain adaptation (ADDA) is an efficient framework for unsupervised domain adaptation, where the source and target domains are assumed to have the same classes, but no labels are available for the target domain. While ADDA has already achieved significant training efficiency and competitive accuracy in comparison to generative adversarial networks, we investigate whether we can allow for further improvements in its convergence properties by incorporating source label knowledge during target domain training. To achieve this, our approach first modifies the discriminator output to jointly predict the source labels and distinguish inputs from the target domain. We then leverage on the various source/target and encoder/discriminator distribution combinations to propose two loss functions for adversarial training of the target encoder. Our final design minimizes the maximum mean discrepancy between source encoder and target discriminator distributions, which ties together adversarial and discrepancy-based loss functions that are frequently considered independently in recent deep learning domain adaptation methods. Beyond validating our framework on standard datasets like MNIST, MNIST-M, USPS and SVHN, we introduce and evaluate on a neuromorphic vision sensing (NVS) sign language recognition dataset, where the source domain constitutes emulated neuromorphic spike events converted from APS video and the target domain is experimental spike events from an NVS camera. Our results on all datasets show that our proposal is both simple and efficient, as it competes or outperforms the state-of-the-art in unsupervised domain adaptation. 
### 17.URBAN-i: From urban scenes to mapping slums, transport modes, and  pedestrians in cities using deep learning and computer vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03609.pdf)
> Within the burgeoning expansion of deep learning and computer vision across the different fields of science, when it comes to urban development, deep learning and computer vision applications are still limited towards the notions of smart cities and autonomous vehicles. Indeed, a wide gap of knowledge appears when it comes to cities and urban regions in less developed countries where the chaos of informality is the dominant scheme. How can deep learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) untangle the complexities of informality to advance urban modelling and our understanding of cities? Various questions and debates can be raised concerning the future of cities of the North and the South in the paradigm of AI and computer vision. In this paper, we introduce a new method for multipurpose realistic-dynamic urban modelling relying on deep learning and computer vision, using deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), to sense and detect informality and slums in urban scenes from aerial and street view images in addition to detection of pedestrian and transport modes. The model has been trained on images of urban scenes in cities across the globe. The model shows a good validation of understanding a wide spectrum of nuances among the planned and the unplanned regions, including informal and slum areas. We attempt to advance urban modelling for better understanding the dynamics of city developments. We also aim to exemplify the significant impacts of AI in cities beyond how smart cities are discussed and perceived in the mainstream. The algorithms of the URBAN-i model are fully-coded in Python programming with the pre-trained deep learning models to be used as a tool for mapping and city modelling in the various corner of the globe, including informal settlements and slum regions. 
### 18.PedX: Benchmark Dataset for Metric 3D Pose Estimation of Pedestrians in  Complex Urban Intersections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03605.pdf)
> This paper presents a novel dataset titled PedX, a large-scale multimodal collection of pedestrians at complex urban intersections. PedX consists of more than 5,000 pairs of high-resolution (12MP) stereo images and LiDAR data along with providing 2D and 3D labels of pedestrians. We also present a novel 3D model fitting algorithm for automatic 3D labeling harnessing constraints across different modalities and novel shape and temporal priors. All annotated 3D pedestrians are localized into the real-world metric space, and the generated 3D models are validated using a mocap system configured in a controlled outdoor environment to simulate pedestrians in urban intersections. We also show that the manual 2D labels can be replaced by state-of-the-art automated labeling approaches, thereby facilitating automatic generation of large scale datasets. 
### 19.Annotating shadows, highlights and faces: the contribution of a &#x27;human  in the loop&#x27; for digital art history  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03539.pdf)
> While automatic computational techniques appear to reveal novel insights in digital art history, a complementary approach seems to get less attention: that of human annotation. We argue and exemplify that a 'human in the loop' can reveal insights that may be difficult to detect automatically. Specifically, we focussed on perceptual aspects within pictorial art. Using rather simple annotation tasks (e.g. delineate human lengths, indicate highlights and classify gaze direction) we could both replicate earlier findings and reveal novel insights into pictorial conventions. We found that Canaletto depicted human figures in rather accurate perspective, varied viewpoint elevation between approximately 3 and 9 meters and highly preferred light directions parallel to the projection plane. Furthermore, we found that taking the averaged images of leftward looking faces reveals a woman, and for rightward looking faces showed a male, confirming earlier accounts on lateral gender bias in pictorial art. Lastly, we confirmed and refined the well-known light-from-the-left bias. Together, the annotations, analyses and results exemplify how human annotation can contribute and complement to technical and digital art history. 
### 20.Deep Asymmetric Networks with a Set of Node-wise Variant Activation  Functions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03721.pdf)
> This work presents deep asymmetric networks with a set of node-wise variant activation functions. The nodes' sensitivities are affected by activation function selections such that the nodes with smaller indices become increasingly more sensitive. As a result, features learned by the nodes are sorted by the node indices in the order of their importance. Asymmetric networks not only learn input features but also the importance of those features. Nodes of lesser importance in asymmetric networks can be pruned to reduce the complexity of the networks, and the pruned networks can be retrained without incurring performance losses. We validate the feature-sorting property using both shallow and deep asymmetric networks as well as deep asymmetric networks transferred from famous networks. 
### 21.Bio-LSTM: A Biomechanically Inspired Recurrent Neural Network for 3D  Pedestrian Pose and Gait Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03705.pdf)
> In applications such as autonomous driving, it is important to understand, infer, and anticipate the intention and future behavior of pedestrians. This ability allows vehicles to avoid collisions and improve ride safety and quality. This paper proposes a biomechanically inspired recurrent neural network (Bio-LSTM) that can predict the location and 3D articulated body pose of pedestrians in a global coordinate frame, given 3D poses and locations estimated in prior frames with inaccuracy. The proposed network is able to predict poses and global locations for multiple pedestrians simultaneously, for pedestrians up to 45 meters from the cameras (urban intersection scale). The outputs of the proposed network are full-body 3D meshes represented in Skinned Multi-Person Linear (SMPL) model parameters. The proposed approach relies on a novel objective function that incorporates the periodicity of human walking (gait), the mirror symmetry of the human body, and the change of ground reaction forces in a human gait cycle. This paper presents prediction results on the PedX dataset, a large-scale, in-the-wild data set collected at real urban intersections with heavy pedestrian traffic. Results show that the proposed network can successfully learn the characteristics of pedestrian gait and produce accurate and consistent 3D pose predictions. 
### 22.Comparing Computing Platforms for Deep Learning on a Humanoid Robot  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03668.pdf)
> The goal of this study is to test two different computing platforms with respect to their suitability for running deep networks as part of a humanoid robot software system. One of the platforms is the CPU-centered Intel NUC7i7BNH and the other is a NVIDIA Jetson TX2 system that puts more emphasis on GPU processing. The experiments addressed a number of benchmarking tasks including pedestrian detection using deep neural networks. Some of the results were unexpected but demonstrate that platforms exhibit both advantages and disadvantages when taking computational performance and electrical power requirements of such a system into account. 
### 23.Out-of-Distribution Detection Using an Ensemble of Self Supervised  Leave-out Classifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03576.pdf)
> As deep learning methods form a critical part in commercially important applications such as autonomous driving and medical diagnostics, it is important to reliably detect out-of-distribution (OOD) inputs while employing these algorithms. In this work, we propose an OOD detection algorithm which comprises of an ensemble of classifiers. We train each classifier in a self-supervised manner by leaving out a random subset of training data as OOD data and the rest as in-distribution (ID) data. We propose a novel margin-based loss over the softmax output which seeks to maintain at least a margin $m$ between the average entropy of the OOD and in-distribution samples. In conjunction with the standard cross-entropy loss, we minimize the novel loss to train an ensemble of classifiers. We also propose a novel method to combine the outputs of the ensemble of classifiers to obtain OOD detection score and class prediction. Overall, our method convincingly outperforms Hendrycks et al.[7] and the current state-of-the-art ODIN[13] on several OOD detection benchmarks. 
### 24.Pursuit of Low-Rank Models of Time-Varying Matrices Robust to Sparse and  Measurement Noise  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.03550.pdf)
> In tracking of time-varying low-rank models of time-varying matrices, we present a method robust to both uniformly-distributed measurement noise and arbitrarily-distributed "sparse" noise. In theory, we bound the tracking error. In practice, our use of randomised coordinate descent is scalable and allows for encouraging results on changedetection.net, a benchmark. 
