# ArXiv Paper Abstract--Wed, 26 Sep 2018
### 1.Structural and object detection for phosphene images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09607.pdf)
> Prosthetic vision based on phosphenes is a promising way to provide visual perception to some blind people. However, phosphenic images are very limited in terms of spatial resolution (e.g.: 32 x 32 phosphene array) and luminance levels (e.g.: 8 gray levels), which results in the subject receiving very limited information about the scene. This requires using high-level processing to extract more information from the scene and present it to the subject with the phosphenes limitations. In this work, we study the recognition of indoor environments under simulated prosthetic vision. Most research in simulated prosthetic vision is performed based on static images, while very few researchers have addressed the problem of scene recognition through video sequences. We propose a new approach to build a schematic representation of indoor environments for phosphene images. Our schematic representation relies on two parallel CNNs for the extraction of structural informative edges of the room and the relevant object silhouettes based on mask segmentation. We have performed a study with twelve normally sighted subjects to evaluate how our methods were able to the room recognition by presenting phosphenic images and videos. We show how our method is able to increase the recognition ability of the user from 75% using alternative methods to 90% using our approach. 
### 2.Fine-Tuning VGG Neural Network For Fine-grained State Recognition of  Food Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09529.pdf)
> State recognition of food images can be considered as one of the promising applications of object recognition and fine-grained image classification in computer vision. In this paper, evidence is provided for the power of convolutional neural network (CNN) for food state recognition, even with a small data set. In this study, we fine-tuned a CNN initially trained on a large natural image recognition dataset (Imagenet ILSVRC) and transferred the learned feature representations to the food state recognition task. A small-scale dataset consisting of 5978 images of seven categories was constructed and annotated manually. Data augmentation was applied to increase the size of the data. 
### 3.Taking A Closer Look at Domain Shift: Category-level Adversaries for  Semantics Consistent Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09478.pdf)
> We consider the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation in semantic segmentation, in which the source domain is fully annotated, and the target domain is unlabeled. The key in this campaign consists in reducing the domain shift, i.e., enforcing the data distributions of the two domains to be similar. A popular strategy is to align the marginal distribution in the feature space through adversarial learning. However, this global alignment strategy does not consider the local category-level feature distribution. A possible consequence of the global movement is that some categories which are originally well aligned between the source and target may be incorrectly mapped. To address this problem, this paper introduces a category-level adversarial network, aiming to enforce local semantic consistency during the trend of global alignment. Our idea is to take a close look at the category-level data distribution and align each class with an adaptive adversarial loss. Specifically, we reduce the weight of the adversarial loss for category-level aligned features while increasing the adversarial force for those poorly aligned. In this process, we decide how well a feature is category-level aligned between source and target by a co-training approach. In two domain adaptation tasks, i.e., GTA5 -&gt; Cityscapes and SYNTHIA -&gt; Cityscapes, we validate that the proposed method matches the state of the art in segmentation accuracy. 
### 4.Automatic brain tumor grading from MRI data using convolutional neural  networks and quality assessment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09468.pdf)
> Glioblastoma Multiforme is a high grade, very aggressive, brain tumor, with patients having a poor prognosis. Lower grade gliomas are less aggressive, but they can evolve into higher grade tumors over time. Patient management and treatment can vary considerably with tumor grade, ranging from tumor resection followed by a combined radio- and chemotherapy to a "wait and see" approach. Hence, tumor grading is important for adequate treatment planning and monitoring. The gold standard for tumor grading relies on histopathological diagnosis of biopsy specimens. However, this procedure is invasive, time consuming, and prone to sampling error. Given these disadvantages, automatic tumor grading from widely used MRI protocols would be clinically important, as a way to expedite treatment planning and assessment of tumor evolution. In this paper, we propose to use Convolutional Neural Networks for predicting tumor grade directly from imaging data. In this way, we overcome the need for expert annotations of regions of interest. We evaluate two prediction approaches: from the whole brain, and from an automatically defined tumor region. Finally, we employ interpretability methodologies as a quality assurance stage to check if the method is using image regions indicative of tumor grade for classification. 
### 5.Vehicle Re-Identification in Context  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09409.pdf)
> Existing vehicle re-identification (re-id) evaluation benchmarks consider strongly artificial test scenarios by assuming the availability of high quality images and fine-grained appearance at an almost constant image scale, reminiscent to images required for Automatic Number Plate Recognition, e.g. VeRi-776. Such assumptions are often invalid in realistic vehicle re-id scenarios where arbitrarily changing image resolutions (scales) are the norm. This makes the existing vehicle re-id benchmarks limited for testing the true performance of a re-id method. In this work, we introduce a more realistic and challenging vehicle re-id benchmark, called Vehicle Re-Identification in Context (VRIC). In contrast to existing datasets, VRIC is uniquely characterised by vehicle images subject to more realistic and unconstrained variations in resolution (scale), motion blur, illumination, occlusion, and viewpoint. It contains 60,430 images of 5,622 vehicle identities captured by 60 different cameras at heterogeneous road traffic scenes in both day-time and night-time. 
### 6.Pre and Post-hoc Diagnosis and Interpretation of Malignancy from Breast  DCE-MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09404.pdf)
> We propose a new method for breast cancer screening from DCE-MRI based on a post-hoc approach that is trained using weakly annotated data (i.e., labels are available only at the image level without any lesion delineation). Our proposed post-hoc method automatically diagnosis the whole volume and, for positive cases, it localizes the malignant lesions that led to such diagnosis. Conversely, traditional approaches follow a pre-hoc approach that initially localises suspicious areas that are subsequently classified to establish the breast malignancy -- this approach is trained using strongly annotated data (i.e., it needs a delineation and classification of all lesions in an image). Another goal of this paper is to establish the advantages and disadvantages of both approaches when applied to breast screening from DCE-MRI. Relying on experiments on a breast DCE-MRI dataset that contains scans of 117 patients, our results show that the post-hoc method is more accurate for diagnosing the whole volume per patient, achieving an AUC of 0.91, while the pre-hoc method achieves an AUC of 0.81. However, the performance for localising the malignant lesions remains challenging for the post-hoc method due to the weakly labelled dataset employed during training. 
### 7.Geometric-based Line Segment Tracking for HDR Stereo Sequences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09368.pdf)
> In this work, we propose a purely geometrical approach for the robust matching of line segments for challenging stereo streams with severe illumination changes or High Dynamic Range (HDR) environments. To that purpose, we exploit the univocal nature of the matching problem, i.e. every observation must be corresponded with a single feature or not corresponded at all. We state the problem as a sparse, convex, L1-minimization of the matching vector regularized by the geometric constraints. This formulation allows for the robust tracking of line segments along sequences where traditional appearance-based matching techniques tend to fail due to dynamic changes in illumination conditions. Moreover, the proposed matching algorithm also results in a considerable speed-up of previous state of the art techniques making it suitable for real-time applications such as Visual Odometry (VO). This, of course, comes at expense of a slightly lower number of matches in comparison with appearance based methods, and also limits its application to continuous video sequences, as it is rather constrained to small pose increments between consecutive frames. We validate the claimed advantages by first evaluating the matching performance in challenging video sequences, and then testing the method in a benchmarked point and line based VO algorithm. 
### 8.Triply Supervised Decoder Networks for Joint Detection and Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09299.pdf)
> Joint object detection and semantic segmentation can be applied to many fields, such as self-driving cars and unmanned surface vessels. An initial and important progress towards this goal has been achieved by simply sharing the deep convolutional features for the two tasks. However, this simple scheme is unable to make full use of the fact that detection and segmentation are mutually beneficial. To overcome this drawback, we propose a framework called TripleNet where triple supervisions including detection-oriented supervision, class-aware segmentation supervision, and class-agnostic segmentation supervision are imposed on each layer of the decoder network. Class-agnostic segmentation supervision provides an objectness prior knowledge for both semantic segmentation and object detection. Besides the three types of supervisions, two light-weight modules (i.e., inner-connected module and attention skip-layer fusion) are also incorporated into each layer of the decoder. In the proposed framework, detection and segmentation can sufficiently boost each other. Moreover, class-agnostic and class-aware segmentation on each decoder layer are not performed at the test stage. Therefore, no extra computational costs are introduced at the test stage. Experimental results on the VOC2007 and VOC2012 datasets demonstrate that the proposed TripleNet is able to improve both the detection and segmentation accuracies without adding extra computational costs. 
### 9.Gradient-Based Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09297.pdf)
> A low-light image enhancement is a highly demanded image processing technique, especially for consumer digital cameras and cameras on mobile phones. In this paper, a gradient-based low-light image enhancement algorithm is proposed. The key is to enhance the gradients of dark region, because the gradients are more sensitive for human visual system than absolute values. In addition, we involve the intensity-range constraints for the image integration. By using the intensity-range constraints, we can integrate the output image with enhanced gradients preserving the given gradient information while enforcing the intensity range of the output image within a certain intensity range. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed gradient-based low-light image enhancement can effectively enhance the low-light images. 
### 10.Object Detection from Scratch with Deep Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09294.pdf)
> We propose Deeply Supervised Object Detectors (DSOD), an object detection framework that can be trained from scratch. Recent advances in object detection heavily depend on the off-the-shelf models pre-trained on large-scale classification datasets like ImageNet and OpenImage. However, one problem is that adopting pre-trained models from classification to detection task may incur learning bias due to the different objective function and diverse distributions of object categories. Techniques like fine-tuning on detection task could alleviate this issue to some extent but are still not fundamental. Furthermore, transferring these pre-trained models across discrepant domains will be more difficult (e.g., from RGB to depth images). Thus, a better solution to handle these critical problems is to train object detectors from scratch, which motivates our proposed method. Previous efforts on this direction mainly failed by reasons of the limited training data and naive backbone network structures for object detection. In DSOD, we contribute a set of design principles for learning object detectors from scratch. One of the key principles is the deep supervision, enabled by layer-wise dense connections in both backbone networks and prediction layers, plays a critical role in learning good detectors from scratch. After involving several other principles, we build our DSOD based on the single-shot detection framework (SSD). We evaluate our method on PASCAL VOC 2007, 2012 and COCO datasets. DSOD achieves consistently better results than the state-of-the-art methods with much more compact models. Specifically, DSOD outperforms baseline method SSD on all three benchmarks, while requiring only 1/2 parameters. We also observe that DSOD can achieve comparable/slightly better results than Mask RCNN + FPN (under similar input size) with only 1/3 parameters, using no extra data or pre-trained models. 
### 11.MedAL: Deep Active Learning Sampling Method for Medical Image Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09287.pdf)
> Deep learning models have been successfully used in medical image analysis problems but they require a large amount of labeled images to obtain good performance.Deep learning models have been successfully used in medical image analysis problems but they require a large amount of labeled images to obtain good performance. However, such large labeled datasets are costly to acquire. Active learning techniques can be used to minimize the number of required training labels while maximizing the model's performance.In this work, we propose a novel sampling method that queries the unlabeled examples that maximize the average distance to all training set examples in a learned feature space. We then extend our sampling method to define a better initial training set, without the need for a trained model, by using ORB feature descriptors. We validate MedAL on 3 medical image datasets and show that our method is robust to different dataset properties. MedAL is also efficient, achieving 80% accuracy on the task of Diabetic Retinopathy detection using only 425 labeled images, corresponding to a 32% reduction in the number of required labeled examples compared to the standard uncertainty sampling technique, and a 40% reduction compared to random sampling. 
### 12.Towards Automated Post-Earthquake Inspections with Deep Learning-based  Condition-Aware Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09195.pdf)
> In the aftermath of an earthquake, rapid structural inspections are required to get citizens back in to their homes and offices in a safe and timely manner. These inspections gfare typically conducted by municipal authorities through structural engineer volunteers. As manual inspec-tions can be time consuming, laborious and dangerous, research has been underway to develop methods to help speed up and increase the automation of the entire process. Researchers typi-cally envisage the use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) for data acquisition and computer vision for data processing to extract actionable information. In this work we propose a new framework to generate vision-based condition-aware models that can serve as the basis for speeding up or automating higher level inspection decisions. The condition-aware models are generated by projecting the inference of trained deep-learning models on a set of images of a structure onto a 3D mesh model generated through multi-view stereo from the same image set. Deep fully convolutional residual networks are used for semantic segmentation of images of buildings to provide (i) damage information such as cracks and spalling (ii) contextual infor-mation such as the presence of a building and visually identifiable components like windows and doors. The proposed methodology was implemented on a damaged building that was sur-veyed by the authors after the Central Mexico Earthquake in September 2017 and qualitative-ly evaluated. Results demonstrate the promise of the proposed method towards the ultimate goal of rapid and automated post-earthquake inspections. 
### 13.Zoom-RNN: A Novel Method for Person Recognition Using Recurrent Neural  Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09189.pdf)
> The overwhelming popularity of social media has resulted in bulk amounts of personal photos being uploaded to the internet every day. Since these photos are taken in unconstrained settings, recognizing the identities of people among the photos remains a challenge. Studies have indicated that utilizing evidence other than face appearance improves the performance of person recognition systems. In this work, we aim to take advantage of additional cues obtained from different body regions in a zooming in fashion for person recognition. Hence, we present Zoom-RNN, a novel method based on recurrent neural networks for combining evidence extracted from the whole body, upper body, and head regions. Our model is evaluated on a challenging dataset, namely People In Photo Albums (PIPA), and we demonstrate that employing our system improves the performance of conventional fusion methods by a noticeable margin. 
### 14.Human-Machine Interface for Remote Training of Robot Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09558.pdf)
> Regardless of their industrial or research application, the streamlining of robot operations is limited by the proximity of experienced users to the actual hardware. Be it massive open online robotics courses, crowd-sourcing of robot task training, or remote research on massive robot farms for machine learning, the need to create an apt remote Human-Machine Interface is quite prevalent. The paper at hand proposes a novel solution to the programming/training of remote robots employing an intuitive and accurate user-interface which offers all the benefits of working with real robots without imposing delays and inefficiency. The system includes: a vision-based 3D hand detection and gesture recognition subsystem, a simulated digital twin of a robot as visual feedback, and the "remote" robot learning/executing trajectories using dynamic motion primitives. Our results indicate that the system is a promising solution to the problem of remote training of robot tasks. 
### 15.Scenic: Language-Based Scene Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09310.pdf)
> Synthetic data has proved increasingly useful in both training and testing machine learning models such as neural networks. The major problem in synthetic data generation is producing meaningful data that is not simply random but reflects properties of real-world data or covers particular cases of interest. In this paper, we show how a probabilistic programming language can be used to guide data synthesis by encoding domain knowledge about what data is useful. Specifically, we focus on data sets arising from "scenes", configurations of physical objects; for example, images of cars on a road. We design a domain-specific language, Scenic, for describing "scenarios" that are distributions over scenes. The syntax of Scenic makes it easy to specify complex relationships between the positions and orientations of objects. As a probabilistic programming language, Scenic allows assigning distributions to features of the scene, as well as declaratively imposing hard and soft constraints over the scene. A Scenic scenario thereby implicitly defines a distribution over scenes, and we formulate the problem of sampling from this distribution as "scene improvisation". We implement an improviser for Scenic scenarios and apply it in a case study generating synthetic data sets for a convolutional neural network designed to detect cars in road images. Our experiments demonstrate the usefulness of our approach by using Scenic to analyze and improve the performance of the network in various scenarios. 
### 16.Covfefe: A Computer Vision Approach For Estimating Force Exertion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09293.pdf)
> Cumulative exposure to repetitive and forceful activities may lead to musculoskeletal injuries which not only reduce workers' efficiency and productivity, but also affect their quality of life. Thus, widely accessible techniques for reliable detection of unsafe muscle force exertion levels for human activity is necessary for their well-being. However, measurement of force exertion levels is challenging and the existing techniques pose a great challenge as they are either intrusive, interfere with human-machine interface, and/or subjective in the nature, thus are not scalable for all workers. In this work, we use face videos and the photoplethysmography (PPG) signals to classify force exertion levels of 0\%, 50\%, and 100\% (representing rest, moderate effort, and high effort), thus providing a non-intrusive and scalable approach. Efficient feature extraction approaches have been investigated, including standard deviation of the movement of different landmarks of the face, distances between peaks and troughs in the PPG signals. We note that the PPG signals can be obtained from the face videos, thus giving an efficient classification algorithm for the force exertion levels using face videos. Based on the data collected from 20 subjects, features extracted from the face videos give 90\% accuracy in classification among the 100\% and the combination of 0\% and 50\% datasets. Further combining the PPG signals provide 81.7\% accuracy. The approach is also shown to be robust to the correctly identify force level when the person is talking, even though such datasets are not included in the training. 
### 17.Real-Time Monocular Object-Model Aware Sparse SLAM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.09149.pdf)
> Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM) is a fundamental problem in mobile robotics. While sparse point-based SLAM methods provide accurate camera localization, the generated maps lack semantic information. On the other hand, state of the art object detection methods provide rich information about entities present in the scene from a single image. This work incorporates a real-time deep-learned object detector to the monocular SLAM framework for representing generic objects as quadrics that permit detections to be seamlessly integrated while allowing the real-time performance. Finer reconstruction of an object, learned by a CNN network, is also incorporated and provides a shape prior for the quadric leading further refinement. To capture the dominant structure of the scene, additional planar landmarks are detected by a CNN-based plane detector and modelled as landmarks in the map. Experiments show that the introduced plane and object landmarks and the associated constraints, using the proposed monocular plane detector and incorporated object detector, significantly improve camera localization and lead to a richer semantically more meaningful map. The performance of our SLAM system is demonstrated in <a href="https://youtu.be/UMWXd4sHONw">this https URL</a> . 
